IdentifierDOI	Title	Abstract	DateIssued	RelatedTitle
10.1051/0004-6361:200809789	Deep optical spectroscopy of extended Ly alpha emission around three radio-quiet z=4.5 quasars	We report the first results of a spectroscopic search for Ly alpha envelopes around three z similar to 4.5 radio-quiet quasars. Our observational strategy adopts the FORS2 spectrograph mounted to the UT1 of the Very Large Telescope (VLT) in the multi-slit mode. This allows us to observe simultaneously the quasars and several PSF stars. The spectra of the latter are used to remove the point-like quasar from the data, and to unveil the faint underlying Lya envelopes associated with the quasars to unprecedented depth. We clearly detect an envelope around two of the three quasars. The sizes of these envelopes are 10 '' and 13 '' (i. e. 67 kpc and 87 kpc). This is 5 to 10 times larger than predicted by the models of Haiman & Rees (2001, ApJ, 556, 87) and up to 100 times fainter. Our observations are in more robust agreement with models involving a clumpy envelope such as Alam & Miralda-Escuda (2002, ApJ, 568, 576) or Chelouche et al. (2007, ApJ, submitted). We find that the brighter quasars also have the brighter envelopes but that the extent of the envelopes does not depend on the quasar luminosity. Although our results are based on only two objects with a detected Lya envelope, the quality of the spatial deblending of the spectra lends considerable for hope to estimating the luminosity function and surface brightness profiles of high redshift Ly alpha envelopes down to F similar to 2-3 x 10(-21) erg s(-1) cm(-2) angstrom(-1). We conclude that the most efficient strategy for studying high redshift Lya quasar envelopes is to acquire both narrow-band images and deep slit-spectra.	2008-01-01	Astronomy & Astrophysics
10.1021/jp301176y	Synthesis and Characterization of High-Photoactivity Electrodeposited Cu2O solar absorber by photoelectrochemistry and ultrafast spectroscopy	We present a systematic study on the effects of electrodeposition parameters on the photoelectrochemical properties of Cu2O. The influence of deposition variables (temperature, pH, and deposition current density) on conductivity has been widely explored in the past for this semiconductor, but the optimization of the electrodeposition process for the photoelectrochemical response in aqueous solutions under AM 1.5 illumination has received far less attention. In this work, we analyze the photoactivity of Cu2O films deposited at different conditions and correlate the photoresponse to morphology, film orientation, and electrical properties. The photoelectrochemical response was measured by linear sweep voltammetry under chopped simulated AM 1.5 illumination. The highest photocurrent obtained was −2.4 mA cm−2 at 0.25 V vs RHE for a film thickness of 1.3 μm. This is the highest reported value reached so far for this material in an aqueous electrolyte under AM 1.5 illumination. The optical and electrical properties of the most photoactive electrode were investigated by UV−vis spectroscopy and electrochemical impedance, while the minority carrier lifetime and diffusion length were measured by optical-pump THz-probe spectroscopy.	2012-01-01	The Journal of Physical Chemistry C
10.1021/acs.nanolett.9b05117	Moire Flat Bands in Twisted Double Bilayer Graphene	We investigate twisted double bilayer graphene (TDBG), a four-layer system composed of two AB-stacked graphene bilayers rotated with respect to each other by a small angle. Our ab initio band structure calculations reveal a considerable energy gap at the charge-neutrality point that we assign to the intrinsic symmetric polarization (ISP). We then introduce the ISP effect into the tight-binding parametrization and perform calculations on TDBG models that include lattice relaxation effects down to very small twist angles. We identify a narrow region around the magic angle characterized by a manifold of remarkably flat bands gapped out from other states even without external electric fields. To understand the fundamental origin of the magic angle in TDBG, we construct a continuum model that points to a hidden mathematical link to the twisted bilayer graphene model, thus indicating that the band flattening is a fundamental feature of TDBG and is not a result of external fields.	2020-04-08	Nano Letters
10.1109/ACCESS.2020.2998052	Adaptive Laser Welding Control: A Reinforcement Learning Approach	Despite extensive research efforts in the field of laser welding, the imperfect repeatability of the weld quality still represents an open topic. Indeed, the inherent complexity of the underlying physical phenomena prevents the implementation of an effective controller using conventional regulators. To close this gap, we propose the application of Reinforcement Learning for closed-loop adaptive control of welding processes. The presented system is able to autonomously learn a control law that achieves a predefined weld quality independently from the starting conditions and without prior knowledge of the process dynamics. Specifically, our control unit influences the welding process by modulating the laser power and uses optical and acoustic emission signals as sensory input. The algorithm consists of three elements: a smart agent interacting with the process, a feedback network for quality monitoring, and an encoder that retains only the quality critic events from the sensory input. Based on the data representation provided by the encoder, the smart agent decides the output laser power accordingly. The corresponding input signals are then analyzed by the feedback network to determine the resulting process quality. Depending on the distance to the targeted quality, a reward is given to the agent. The latter is designed to learn from its experience by taking the actions that maximize not just its immediate reward, but the sum of all the rewards that it will receive from that moment on. Two learning schemes were tested for the agent, namely S-Learning and Policy Gradient. The required training time to reach the targeted quality was 20 min for the former technique and 33 min for the latter.	2020-01-01	IEEE Access
10.1006/spmi.1994.1082	4-Wave-Mixing Signals from Extended Exciton-States above the Mobility Edge in Gaas (Ga,Al)as Multiple-Quantum Wells	We investigate the dependence of four-wave mixing response on the photon energy close to the fundamental exciton (X) resonance in GaAs quantum wells. We find that cross-polarised incident fields give rise to a non-linear signal which decays faster at energies below the X line centre than above. We show that this behaviour cannot be assigned to biexciton transitions alone but rather suggests that the delocalised X states above the mobility edge are excited off-resonantly by the laser light having slightly lower energies.	1994-01-01	Superlattices and Microstructures
10.1007/s10994-013-5366-3	Learning with tensors: a framework based on convex optimization and spectral regularization	We present a framework based on convex optimization and spectral regularization to perform learning when feature observations are multidimensional arrays (tensors). We give a mathematical characterization of spectral penalties for tensors and analyze a unifying class of convex optimization problems for which we present a provably convergent and scalable template algorithm. We then specialize this class of problems to perform learning both in a transductive as well as in an inductive setting. In the transductive case one has an input data tensor with missing features and, possibly, a partially observed matrix of labels. The goal is to both infer the missing input features as well as predict the missing labels. For induction, the goal is to determine a model for each learning task to be used for out of sample prediction. Each training pair consists of a multidimensional array and a set of labels each of which corresponding to related but distinct tasks. In either case the proposed technique exploits precise low multilinear rank assumptions over unknown multidimensional arrays; regularization is based on composite spectral penalties and connects to the concept of Multilinear Singular Value Decomposition. As a by-product of using a tensor-based formalism, our approach allows one to tackle the multi-task case in a natural way. Empirical studies demonstrate the merits of the proposed methods.	2014-01-01	Machine Learning
10.1016/j.cemconres.2015.02.015	Degradation mechanism of slag blended mortars immersed in sodium sulfate solution	Additions of slag are usually considered to give cementitious materials which perform well in sulfate bearing environments. This paper compares the deterioration of slag cement blends to those of plain Portland cement and demonstrates that this occurs more through loss of surface than macroscopic expansion. When slag blended mortar is immersed in sodium sulfate solution, the sulfate ions penetrating into samples are mostly fixed by aluminate phases in a relatively narrow region close to surface, due to the refinement of pore size and buffering effect by slag addition. After all available aluminate phases have been reacted, the concentration of sulfate ion in pore solution will increase. Once the solution concentration reaches a critical level, fine AFm crystals confined within the C-S-H can react to form ettringite, exerting expansion force. If the system contains sufficient confined AFm phases, this process can cause spalling of the surface layer. Then, sulfate ions can penetrate into the sound area, manifesting another expansive area. Furthermore, the penetration depth of slag sample does not depend strongly on the concentration of sulfate solution, but higher concentration increases the crystallization pressure of ettringite, thereby causing more damage. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2015-01-01	Cement And Concrete Research
10.1088/0957-0233/22/8/085204	Constrained expectation-maximization algorithm for stochastic inertial error modeling: study of feasibility	Stochastic modeling is a challenging task for low-cost sensors whose errors can have complex spectral structures. This makes the tuning process of the INS/GNSS Kalman filter often sensitive and difficult. For example, first-order Gauss–Markov processes are very often used in inertial sensor models. But the estimation of their parameters is a non-trivial task if the error structure is mixed with other types of noises. Such an estimation is often attempted by computing and analyzing Allan variance plots. This contribution demonstrates solving situations when the estimation of error parameters by graphical interpretation is rather difficult. The novel strategy performs direct estimation of these parameters by means of the expectation-maximization (EM) algorithm. The algorithm results are first analyzed with a critical and practical point of view using simulations with typically encountered error signals. These simulations show that the EM algorithm seems to perform better than the Allan variance and offers a procedure to estimate first-order Gauss–Markov processes mixed with other types of noises. At the same time, the conducted tests revealed limits of this approach that are related to the convergence and stability issues. Suggestions are given to circumvent or mitigate these problems when complexity of error structure is 'reasonable'. This work also highlights the fact that the suggested approach via EM algorithm and the Allan variance may not be able to estimate the parameters of complex error models reasonably well and shows the need for new estimation procedures to be developed in this context. Finally, an empirical scenario is presented to support the former findings. There, the positive effect of using the more sophisticated EM-based error modeling on a filtered trajectory is highlighted.	2011-01-01	Measurement Science and Technology
10.1021/jp209130x	Solid-State Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells using Ordered TiO2 Nanorods on Transparent Conductive Oxide as Photoanodes	TiO2 nanorod arrays were prepared on top of a transparent conductive glass substrate covered with a thin TiO2 compact layer. Solid-state dye-sensitized solar cells (SSDSCs) were fabricated using these structured TiO2 films sensitized with C106 dye as a photoanode and 2,2',7,7'-tetrakis-(N,N-dipmethoxyphenylamine) 9,9'-spirobifluorene (spiro-MeOTAD) as the organic hole-transporting material. Photovoltaic power conversion efficiency of 2.9% was obtained at full sunlight intensity. The electron lifetime as well as the electron diffusion coefficient in the device was determined by charge extraction, transient photovoltage decay, and open-circuit photovoltage decay experiments.	2012-01-01	Journal Of Physical Chemistry C
10.1109/TCAD.2022.3158832	Reinforcement Learning-Based Joint Reliability and Performance Optimization for Hybrid-Cache Computing Servers	Computing servers play a key role in the development and process of emerging compute-intensive applications in recent years. However, they need to operate efficiently from an energy perspective viewpoint, while maximizing the performance and lifetime of the hottest server components (i.e., cores and cache). Previous methods focused on either improving energy efficiency by adopting new hybrid-cache architectures including the resistive random-access memory (RRAM) and static random-access memory (SRAM) at the hardware level, or exploring trade-offs between lifetime limitation and performance of multi-core processors under stable workloads conditions. Therefore, no work has so far proposed a co-optimization method with hybrid-cache-based server architectures for real-life dynamic scenarios taking into account scalability, performance, lifetime reliability, and energy efficiency at the same time. In this paper, we first formulate a reliability model for the hybrid-cache architecture to enable precise lifetime reliability management and energy efficiency optimization. We also include the performance and energy overheads of cache switching, and optimize the benefits of hybrid-cache usage for better energy efficiency and performance. Then, we propose a runtime Q-Learning-based reliability management and performance optimization approach for multi-core microprocessors with the hybrid-cache architecture, jointly incorporated with a dynamic preemptive priority queue management method to improve the overall tasks' performance by targeting to respect their end time limits. Experimental results show that our proposed method achieves up to 44% average performance (i.e., tasks execution time) improvement, while maintaining the whole system design lifetime longer than 5 years, when compared to the latest state-of-the-art energy efficiency optimization and reliability management methods for computing servers.	2022-03-07	IEEE Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems
10.1017/jfm.2023.927	Identifying invariant solutions of wall-bounded three-dimensional shear flows using robust adjoint-based variational techniques	Invariant solutions of the Navier-Stokes equations play an important role in the spatiotemporally chaotic dynamics of turbulent shear flows. Despite the significance of these solutions, their identification remains a computational challenge, rendering many solutions inaccessible and thus hindering progress towards a dynamical description of turbulence in terms of invariant solutions. We compute equilibria of three-dimensional wall-bounded shear flows using an adjoint-based matrix-free variational approach. To address the challenge of computing pressure in the presence of solid walls, we develop a formulation that circumvents the explicit construction of pressure and instead employs the influence matrix method. Together with a data-driven convergence acceleration technique based on dynamic mode decomposition, this yields a practically feasible alternative to state-of-the-art Newton methods for converging equilibrium solutions. We compute multiple equilibria of plane Couette flow starting from inaccurate guesses extracted from a turbulent time series. The variational method outperforms Newton(-hookstep) iterations in converging successfully from poor initial guesses, suggesting a larger convergence radius.	2023-12-12	Journal Of Fluid Mechanics
10.1002/sta4.501	A note on universal inference	Universal inference enables the construction of confidence intervals and tests without regularity conditions by splitting the data into two parts and appealing to Markov's inequality. Previous investigations have shown that the cost of this generality is a loss of power in regular settings for testing simple hypotheses. The present paper makes three contributions. We first clarify the reasons for the loss of power and use a simple illustrative example to investigate how the split proportion optimizing the power depends on the nominal size of the test. We then show that the presence of nuisance parameters can severely impact the power and suggest a simple asymptotic improvement. Finally, we show that combining many data splits can also sharply diminish power.	2022-12-01	Stat
10.1523/JNEUROSCI.20-15-05587.2000	Complete and long-term rescue of lesioned adult motoneurons by lentiviral-mediated expression of glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor in the facial nucleus	To date, delivery of neurotrophic factors has only allowed to transiently protect axotomized facial motoneurons against cell death. In the present report, long-term protection of these neurons was evaluated by continuously expressing the neurotrophic factor glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) within the facial nucleus using a lentiviral vector system. The viral vector was injected unilaterally into the facial nucleus of 4-month-old Balb/C mice. In contrast to axotomy in other adult rodents, facial nerve lesion in these animals leads to a progressive and sustained loss and/or atrophy of >50% of the motoneurons. This model thus represents an attractive model to evaluate potential protective effects of neurotrophic factors for adult-onset motoneuron diseases, such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. One month after unilateral lentiviral vector injection, the facial nerve was sectioned, and the animals were killed 3 months later. Viral delivery of the GDNF gene led to long-term expression and extensive diffusion of GDNF within the brainstem. In addition, axotomized motoneurons were completely protected against cell death, because 95% of the motoneurons were present as demonstrated by both Nissl staining and choline acetyltransferase immunoreactivity. Furthermore, GDNF prevented lesion-induced neuronal atrophy and maintained proximal motoneuron axons, despite the absence of target cell reinnervation. This is the first evidence that viral-mediated delivery of GDNF close to the motoneuron cell bodies of the facial nucleus of adult mice can lead to complete and long-term protection against lesion-induced cell death.	2000-01-01	Journal of Neuroscience
10.1002/adma.202306311	On-Surface Synthesis of Edge-Extended Zigzag Graphene Nanoribbons	Graphene nanoribbons (GNRs) have gained significant attention in nanoelectronics due to their potential for precise tuning of electronic properties through variations in edge structure and ribbon width. However, the synthesis of GNRs with highly sought-after zigzag edges (ZGNRs), critical for spintronics and quantum information technologies, remains challenging. In this study, a design motif for synthesizing a novel class of GNRs termed edge-extended ZGNRs is presented. This motif enables the controlled incorporation of edge extensions along the zigzag edges at regular intervals. The synthesis of a specific GNR instance-a 3-zigzag-rows-wide ZGNR-with bisanthene units fused to the zigzag edges on alternating sides of the ribbon axis is successfully demonstrated. The resulting edge-extended 3-ZGNR is comprehensively characterized for its chemical structure and electronic properties using scanning probe techniques, complemented by density functional theory calculations. The design motif showcased here opens up new possibilities for synthesizing a diverse range of edge-extended ZGNRs, expanding the structural landscape of GNRs and facilitating the exploration of their structure-dependent electronic properties.|In this study, a new design motif is introduced to synthesize edge-extended zigzag graphene nanoribbons (ZGNRs). Using scanning probe techniques and density functional theory, the chemical structure and electronic characteristics of a 3-zigzag-row ZGNR instance are confirmed. This approach expands the range of possible ZGNRs, contributing to further understanding of structure-dependent electronic properties in GNRs.image	2023-10-25	Advanced Materials
10.1016/j.bbrc.2012.06.159	Phosphorylation of α-synuclein is crucial in compensating for proteasomal dysfunction	α-Synuclein can be degraded by both the ubiquitin-proteasomal system and the chaperone-lysosomal system. However, the switching mechanism between the two pathways is not clearly understood. In our study, we investigated the mutual association between the binding of α-synuclein to heat shock cognate 70 and the lysosomal translocation of α-synuclein. Tyrosine phosphorylation of Y136 on α-synuclein increased when it bound to heat shock protein 70. We also found that tyrosine phosphorylation of α-synuclein can be regulated by focal adhesion kinase pp125 and protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B. Furthermore, protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B inhibitor protected dopaminergic neurons against cell death and rescued rotarod performance in a Parkinson's disease animal model. This study provides evidence that the regulation of Y136 phosphorylation of α-synuclein can improve behavioral performance and protect against neuronal death by promoting the turnover of lysosomal degradation of α-synuclein. As a result, protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B inhibitor may be used as a potential therapeutic agent against Parkinson's disease.	2012-01-01	Biochemical and biophysical research communications
10.1016/j.snb.2014.03.099	Electrical characterization of high performance, liquid gated vertically stacked SiNW-based 3D FET biosensors	A 3D vertically stacked silicon nanowire (SiNW) field effect transistor featuring a high density array of fully depleted channels gated by a backgate and one or two symmetrical platinum side-gates through a liquid has been electrically characterized for their implementation into a robust biosensing system. The structures have also been characterized electrically under vacuum when completely surrounded by a thick oxide layer. When fully suspended, the SiNWs may be surrounded by a conformal high-K gate dielectric (HfO2) or silicon dioxide. The high density array of nanowires (up to 7 or 8 x 20 SiNWs in the vertical and horizontal direction, respectively) provides for high drive currents (1.3 mA/mu m, normalized to an average NW diameter of 30 nm at V-SG = 3 V, and V-d = 50 mV, for a standard structure with 7 x 10 NWs stacked) and high chances of biomolecule interaction and detection. The use of silicon on insulator substrates with a low doped device layer significantly reduces leakage currents for excellent I-on/I-off ratios >10(6) of particular importance for low power applications. When the nanowires are submerged in a liquid, they feature a gate all around architecture with improved electrostatics that provides steep subthreshold slopes (SS <75 mV/dec), low drain induced barrier lowering (DIBL < 20 mV/V) and high transconductances (g(m) > 10 mu S) while allowing for the entire surface area of the nanowire to be available for biomolecule sensing. The fabricated devices have small SiNW diameters (down to d(NW) similar to 15-30 nm) in order to be fully depleted and provide also high surface to volume ratios for high sensitivities. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2014-01-01	Sensors And Actuators B-Chemical
10.1364/OE.18.020723	Imaging through turbid layers by scanning the phase conjugated second harmonic radiation from a nanoparticle	We demonstrate imaging through a turbid layer by using digital phase conjugation of the second harmonic field radiated from a beacon nanoparticle. We show that the phase-conjugated focus can be displaced from its initial position by illuminating the same region of the turbid layer with an angular offset. An image is obtained by scanning the phase-conjugated focus through the turbid layer in a region around the nanoparticle. We obtain a clear image of the target by measuring the light transmitted through it when scanning the focused beam. © 2010 Optical Society of America.	2010-01-01	Optics Express
10.1007/s11104-020-04782-z	Species identity, rather than species mixtures, drives cover crop effects on nutrient partitioning in unfertilized agricultural soil	Aims Previous cover crop studies mainly focused on the links between plant uptake and soil fertility, and there is a clear knowledge gap regarding the role of microbes in these processes. Our aim was then to better understand the effects of plant mixtures (versus monoculture) and the specific effects of each plant species on nitrogen (N) and phosphorus (P) partitioning between plant, soil, and more particularly microbial pools. Methods Monocultures and mixtures composed of black oat, field pea and Indian mustard were grown during two months in a greenhouse. The concentrations of carbon (C), N and P were measured in both plant and microbial biomass at final harvest, together with soil available N and P. Results Overall, our findings highlight stronger selection effect (i.e., presence of key species) rather than complementarity effects (i.e., species mixture) to affect the measured parameters. The presence of pea increased the biomass production of oat and mustard, as well as the nutrient concentration of oat, whereas pea P concentration decreased in presence of oat and mustard N and P concentrations were negatively impacted respectively by the presence of oat and pea. We also observed a strong competition between plants and microbes for both soil N and P. Conclusions The oat-pea and the oat-pea-mustard mixtures represented the best compromise between biomass production, nutrient storage and biomass C:N ratio, thus insuring a good organic matter decomposition and nutrient provision for the following main crop.	2021-01-01	Plant And Soil
10.1016/j.jhydrol.2007.12.012	Evaporation from a small water reservoir: Direct measurements and estimates	Summary Knowing the rate of evaporation from surface water resources such as chan¬nels and reservoirs is essential for precise management of the water balance. However, evaporation is difﬁcult to measure experimentally over water surfaces and several tech¬niques and models have been suggested and used in the past for its determination. In this research, evaporation from a small water reservoir in northern Israel was measured and estimated using several experimental techniques and models during the rainless summer. Evaporation was measured with an eddy covariance (EC) system consisting of a three-dimensional sonic anemometer and a Krypton hygrometer. Measurements of net radia¬tion, air temperature and humidity, and water temperature enabled estimation of other energy balance components. Several models and energy balance closure were evaluated. In addition, evaporation from a class-A pan was measured at the site. EC evaporation measurements for 21 days averaged 5.48 mm day�1. Best model predictions were obtained with two combined ﬂux-gradient and energy balance models (Penman–Mon¬teith–Unsworth and Penman–Brutsaert), which with the water heat ﬂux term, gave sim¬ilar daily average evaporation rates, that were up to 3% smaller than the corresponding EC values. The ratio between daily pan and EC evaporation varied from 0.96 to 1.94. The bulk mass transfer coefﬁcient was estimated using a model based on measurements of water surface temperature, evaporation rate and absolute humidity at 0.9 and 2.9 m above the water surface, and using two theoretical approaches. The bulk transfer coefﬁcient.	2008-01-01	Journal of Hydrology
10.1088/1741-4326/ab3b31	A power-balance model of the density limit in fusion plasmas: application to the L-mode tokamak	A power-balance model, with radiation losses from impurities and neutrals, gives a unified description of the density limit (DL) of the stellarator, the L-mode tokamak, and the reversed field pinch (RFP). The model predicts a Sudo-like scaling for the stellarator, a Greenwald- like scaling, alpha I-p(8/9), for the RFP and the ohmic tokamak, a mixed scaling, alpha (PIp4/9)-I-4/9, for the additionally heated L-mode tokamak. In a previous paper (Zanca et al 2017 Nucl. Fusion 57 056010) the model was compared with ohmic tokamak, RFP and stellarator experiments. Here, we address the issue of the DL dependence on heating power in the L-mode tokamak. Experimental data from high-density disrupted L-mode discharges performed at JET, as well as in other machines, arc taken as a term of comparison. The model fits the observed maximum densities better than the pure Greenwald limit.	2019-12-01	Nuclear Fusion
10.1103/PhysRevD.89.102001	Search for neutrino-induced particle showers with IceCube-40	We report on the search for neutrino-induced particle showers, so-called cascades, in the IceCube-40 detector. The data for this search were collected between April 2008 and May 2009 when the first 40 IceCube strings were deployed and operational. Three complementary searches were performed, each optimized for different energy regimes. The analysis with the lowest energy threshold (2 TeV) targeted atmospheric neutrinos. A total of 67 events were found, consistent with the expectation of 41 atmospheric muons and 30 atmospheric neutrino events. The two other analyses targeted a harder, astrophysical neutrino flux. The analysis with an intermediate threshold of 25 TeV leads to the observation of 14 cascadelike events, again consistent with the prediction of 3.0 atmospheric neutrino and 7.7 atmospheric muon events. We hence set an upper limit of E-2 Phi(lim) <= 7.46 x 10(-8) GeV sr(-1) s(-1) cm(-2) (90% C.L.) on the diffuse flux from astrophysical neutrinos of all neutrino flavors, applicable to the energy range 25 TeV to 5 PeV, assuming an E-nu(-2) spectrum and a neutrino flavor ratio of 1: 1: 1 at the Earth. The third analysis utilized a larger and optimized sample of atmospheric muon background simulation, leading to a higher energy threshold of 100 TeV. Three events were found over a background prediction of 0.04 atmospheric muon events and 0.21 events from the flux of conventional and prompt atmospheric neutrinos. Including systematic errors this corresponds to a 2.7 sigma excess with respect to the background-only hypothesis. Our observation of neutrino event candidates above 100 TeV complements IceCube's recently observed evidence for high-energy astrophysical neutrinos.	2014-01-01	Physical Review D
10.1038/nmat1693	Orientation selection in dendritic evolution	Computational and experimental demonstration of dendritic crystal growth direction and the morphologic diversity of the resulting dendritic structures are discussed. The primary dendrite growth directions can vary continuously between different crystallographic directions as a function of the composition-dependent anisotropy parameters. The dendritic microstructure of chemically etched and electropolished longitudinal sections of solidified alloys was analyzed using scanning electron microscopy and electron back-scattered diffraction (EBSD) orientation measurements. The experimental results shows the change of dendritic growth direction of compositions as a function of anisotropy in the phase-field simulation. The similarities between the computational and the experimental results strongly supports the hypothesis that the change of anisotropy parameters with the composition is the underlying mechanism of the damage of growth direction observed experimentally.	2008-01-01	Nature Materials
10.1016/j.precamres.2013.04.001	Stable isotope (S, C) chemostratigraphy and hydrocarbon biomarkers in the Ediacaran upper section of Sierras Bayas Group, Argentina	The Neoproterozoic sedimentary successions of the Sierras Bayas Group (SBG) are situated within the Tandilia Belt, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. The Loma Negra Formation (LNF) from the upper part of the SBG has been investigated using a combination of inorganic, organic and isotopic geochemical methods in order to determine the stable isotope composition of carbonates (delta C-13(car), delta O-18(car)), kerogen (delta C-13(ker)), pyrite and carbonate associated sulfur (delta S-34(py), delta S-34(CAS)). Concentrations of major, trace and rare earth elements and hydrocarbon distributions were also investigated. This data set was used to further the understanding of the interactions between paleo-biodiversity and paleoenvironmental conditions for terminal Ediacaran (post-Gaskiers) shelf deposits. The high delta S-34(py) values exceeding the coeval delta S-34(CAS) values in green micritic limestones of the lower LNF may be explained by a combination of different events such as globally low seawater sulfate concentrations, an increased rate of bacterial sulfate reduction, and a decrease in sulfate levels in the near-bottom deepest water layer inherited from glaciations. Negative Ce anomalies in the dark grey micritic limestones of the upper LNF suggest they were deposited under oxidizing conditions. However, higher concentrations of Fe, Mo, Zn and REE, and the occurrence of authigenic S-34-enriched pyrite suggest that the sediments were maintained under reducing conditions. The distributions of hydrocarbon biomarkers (e.g. hopanes maximizing at C-29) are in line with this hypothesis and indicate a diverse microbial community including primary producers such as cyanobacteria (e.g. terminally-branched monomethyl alkanes, hopanoid distribution), phototrophic bacteria (e.g. acyclic isoprenoids C-<21) and green bacteria (e.g. n-C-18 >> Phytane). The unsteady Delta C-13(car-ker) values reflect changes in primary biomass due to relative contributions of bacterial microorganisms using different photosynthetic carbon-fixation pathways. The lowest Delta C-13(car-ker) values coincided with the latest biomarker signal interpreted as the signature of green non-sulfur bacteria using a less C-13 fractionation pathway. The combined biogeochemical features of the Loma Negra Formation, indicated a well-stratified water column with oxygenated surface waters, oxygen-poor bottom waters and anoxic sediments which helped to refine a correlation with the Polanco Formation from the Arroyo del Soldado Group in Uruguay. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2013-01-01	Precambrian Research
10.33186/1027-3689-2020-10-63-76	Quantifying Engagement with Citations on Wikipedia (Part 2)	Wikipedia is one of the most visited sites on the Web and a common source of information for many users. As an encyclopedia, Wikipedia was not conceived as a source of original information, but as a gateway to secondary sources: according to Wikipedia's guidelines, facts must be backed up by reliable sources that reflect the full spectrum of views on the topic. Although citations lie at the heart of Wikipedia, little is known about how users interact with them. To close this gap, we built client-side instrumentation for logging all interactions with links leading from English Wikipedia articles to cited references during one month, and conducted the first analysis of readers' interactions with citations. We find that overall engagement with citations is low: about one in 300 page views results in a reference click (0,29% overall; 0,56% on desktop; 0,13% on mobile). Matched observational studies of the factors associated with reference clicking reveal that clicks occur more frequently on shorter pages and on pages of lower quality, suggesting that references are consulted more commonly when Wikipedia itself does not contain the information sought by the user. Moreover, we observe that recent content, open access sources, and references about life events (births, deaths, marriages, etc.) are particularly popular. Taken together, our findings deepen our understanding of Wikipedia's role in a global information economy where reliability is ever less certain, and source attribution ever more vital.	2020-01-01	Nauchnye I Tekhnicheskie Biblioteki-Scientific And Technical Libraries
10.1038/s41378-022-00440-9	Micro 3D printing of a functional MEMS accelerometer	Microelectromechanical system (MEMS) devices, such as accelerometers, are widely used across industries, including the automotive, consumer electronics, and medical industries. MEMS are efficiently produced at very high volumes using large-scale semiconductor manufacturing techniques. However, these techniques are not viable for the costefficient manufacturing of specialized MEMS devices at low- and medium-scale volumes. Thus, applications that require custom-designed MEMS devices for markets with low- and medium-scale volumes of below 5000-10,000 components per year are extremely difficult to address efficiently. The 3D printing of MEMS devices could enable the efficient realization and production of MEMS devices at these low- and medium-scale volumes. However, current micro-3D printing technologies have limited capabilities for printing functional MEMS. Herein, we demonstrate a functional 3D-printed MEMS accelerometer using 3D printing by two-photon polymerization in combination with the deposition of a strain gauge transducer by metal evaporation. We characterized the responsivity, resonance frequency, and stability over time of the MEMS accelerometer. Our results demonstrate that the 3D printing of functional MEMS is a viable approach that could enable the efficient realization of a variety of custom-designed MEMS devices, addressing new application areas that are difficult or impossible to address using conventional MEMS manufacturing.	2022-09-19	Microsystems & Nanoengineering
10.1016/S0011-2275(01)00006-6	Heat front propagation and quench initiation analysis of the ITER toroidal field model coil	In the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER) toroidal field model coil (TFMC) the experimental evaluation of the superconducting critical properties will only be possible by heating the helium upstream of the inner joint. In this coil only one of the Eve double pancakes is equipped with external heaters (DP11/DP12). A preliminary analysis of DP11 has shown that an instability of the cryogenic system, i.e. helium choking, occurs when only one pancake is heated and that, as a consequence, the test should be performed by heating with slow procedures and by cooling with high mass flow rates. We report here the final results of the heat front propagation and quench initiation analysis of the pancake DP11 and DP12, which confirm the qualitative results of the previous analysis. The uncertainty in the presently available set of joint input data is assessed parametrically. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.	2000-01-01	Cryogenics
10.1039/c6tc04956g	Charge generation by ultra-stretchable elastomeric electrets	Novel piezoelectric elastomers are synthesized and their long term stability and piezoelectric properties are investigated. They are thin film composites of specially designed polymer nanoparticles with high glass transition temperatures (T-g) and side groups with large permanent dipoles, which are embedded in chemically crosslinked polydimethylsiloxane matrices. To obtain a piezoelectric material, the initially randomly oriented polar groups in the nanoparticles are poled in a strong electric field while the film is heated above the T-g of the nanoparticles. Under these conditions the polar groups orient in the direction of the electric field and the achieved orientation is subsequently frozen-in by cooling the material back to room temperature. A permanent polarization responsible for the piezoelectricity is induced in the elastomers. All composites are elastic and can be strained up to 600%. The lateral piezoelectric coefficient d(31) of the composites are found to first decrease over a period of several days before ultimately stabilizing. The largest d(31) value obtained, 12.1 pC N-1, is comparable to commercially available materials which are not elastic. Two composites exhibit promising thermal stability at 50 degrees C and generate a maxim of 2.5 V when strained. The novel elastic electret materials described in this paper are likely to find application as stretchable sensors, soft electronics, transducers and energy harvesters. Another important aspect of this work is the abundantly available combinations of elastic matrices and high T-g polar polymers, which will allow the creation of elastic electrets with tailor-made properties in the future.	2017-01-01	Journal Of Materials Chemistry C
10.3389/fgene.2015.00314	Prospects and Challenges for the Conservation of Farm Animal Genomic Resources, 2015-2025	Livestock conservation practice is changing rapidly in light of policy, climate change and market demands. The last decade saw a step change in technological and analytical approaches to define, manage and conserve Farm Animal Genomic Resources (FAnGR). These changes pose challenges for FAnGR conservation in terms of technological continuity, analytical capacity and the methodologies needed to exploit new, multidimensional data. The ESF Genomic Resources program final conference addressed these problems attempting to contribute to the development of the research and policy agenda for the next decade. We broadly identified four areas related to methodological and analytical challenges, data management and conservation. The overall conclusion is that there is a need for the use of current state-of-the-art tools to characterise the state of genomic resources in non-commercial and local breeds. The livestock genomic sector, which has been relatively well-organised in applying such methodologies so far, needs to make a concerted effort in the coming decade to enable to the democratisation of the powerful tools that are now at its disposal, and to ensure that they are applied in the context of breed conservation as well as development.	2015-01-01	Frontiers in Genetics
10.1093/cercor/bhs334	Pansynaptic Enlargement at Adult Cortical Connections Strengthened by Experience	Behavioral experience alters the strength of neuronal connections in adult neocortex. These changes in synaptic strength are thought to be central to experience-dependent plasticity, learning, and memory. However, it is not known how changes in synaptic transmission between neurons become persistent, thereby enabling the storage of previous experience. A long-standing hypothesis is that altered synaptic strength is maintained by structural modifications to synapses. However, the extent of synaptic modifications and the changes in neurotransmission that the modifications support remain unclear. To address these questions, we recorded from pairs of synaptically connected layer 2/3 pyramidal neurons in the barrel cortex and imaged their contacts with high-resolution confocal microscopy after altering sensory experience by whisker trimming. Excitatory connections strengthened by experience exhibited larger axonal varicosities, dendritic spines, and interposed contact zones. Electron microscopy showed that contact zone size was strongly correlated with postsynaptic density area. Therefore, our findings indicate that whole synapses are larger at strengthened connections. Synaptic transmission was both stronger and more reliable following experience-dependent synapse enlargement. Hence, sensory experience modified both presynaptic and postsynaptic function. Our findings suggest that the enlargement of synaptic contacts is an integral part of long-lasting strengthening of cortical connections and, hence, of information storage in the neocortex.	2014-01-01	Cerebral Cortex
10.1039/c5ee02965a	Monolithic perovskite/silicon-heterojunction tandem solar cells processed at low temperature	Tandem solar cells combining silicon and perovskite absorbers have the potential to outperform state-of-the-art high efficiency silicon single junction devices. However, the practical fabrication of monolithic silicon/perovskite tandem solar cells is challenging as material properties and processing requirements such as temperature restrict the device design. Here, we fabricate an 18% efficient monolithic tandem cell formed by a silicon heterojunction bottom-and a perovskite top-cell enabling a very high open circuit voltage of 1.78 V. The monolithic integration was realized via low temperature processing of the semitransparent perovskite sub-cell where an energetically aligned electron selective contact was fabricated by atomic layer deposition of tin oxide. The hole selective, transparent top contact was formed by a stack of the organic hole transport material spiro-OMeTAD, molybdenum oxide and sputtered indium tin oxide. The tandem cell design is currently limited by the photo-current generated in the silicon bottom cell that is reduced due to reflectance losses. Based on optical modelling and first experiments, we show that these losses can be significantly reduced by combining optical optimization of the device architecture including light trapping approaches.	2016-01-01	Energy & Environmental Science
10.1007/Jhep08(2016)137	Measurement of the CKM angle gamma using B (0) -> DK (*0) with D -> K-S(0) pi (+) pi (-) decays	A model-dependent amplitude analysis of the decay B (0) -> D(K (S) (0) pi (+) pi (-))K (au 0) is performed using proton-proton collision data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 3.0 fb(-1), recorded at and 8 TeV by the LHCb experiment. The CP violation observables x (+/-) and y (+/-), sensitive to the CKM angle gamma, are measured to be x- = 0.15 +/- 0.14 +/- 0.03 +/- 0.01; y- = 0.25 +/- 0.15 +/- 0.06 +/- 0.01; x+ = 0.05 +/- 0.24 +/- 0.04 +/- 0.01; y+ = 0.65(-0.23)(+0.24) +/- 0.08 +/- 0.01; where the first uncertainties are statistical, the second systematic and the third arise from the uncertainty on the D -> K (S) (0) pi (+) pi (-) amplitude model. These are the most precise measurements of these observables. They correspond to gamma = (80 (- 22) (+ 21) )A degrees and , where is the magnitude of the ratio of the suppressed and favoured B (0) -> DK (+) pi (-) decay amplitudes, in a K pi mass region of +/- 50 MeV around the K (*)(892)(0) mass and for an absolute value of the cosine of the K (*0) decay angle larger than 0.4.	2016-01-01	Journal of High Energy Physics
10.1007/s005420050118	Fabrication of photoplastic high-aspect ratio microparts and micromolds using SU-8 UV resist	An innovative method for fabrication and rapid prototyping of high-aspect ratio micromechanical components in photoresist is discussed. The photoresist is an epoxy-negative-tone resist, called SU-8, which can be structured to more than 2 mm in thickness by UV exposure. Small gears of 530 mu m in diameter and 200 mu m in thickness have been realized in this photoplastic and their functionality has been demonstrated. In addition a process called MIMOTEC(TM) (MIcroMOlds TEChnology) has been established for the fabrication of metallic micromolds. MIMOTEC(TM) is based on the use of the SU-8 spun on high thicknesses and electrodeposition of nickel. Thermoplastic microcomponents have been injected and mounted in watches.	1998-01-01	MICROSYSTEM TECHNOLOGIES
10.1039/c001521k	Anticancer activity of opened arene ruthenium metalla-assemblies	Cationic tetranuclear and hexanuclear opened metalla-assemblies incorporating 5,15-bis(4-pyridyl)-10,20-diphenylporphyrin (bpp) or 5,10,15-tris(4-pyridyl)-20-phenylporphyrin (tpp) panels and dinuclear arene ruthenium clips [(p-cymene)2Ru2(OO.intrsec.OO)2]2+ (OO.intrsec.OO = oxalato, 2,5-dioxydo-1,4-benzoquinonato (dobq)) have been assembled in the presence of silver triflate. All complexes were characterized by NMR, IR and UV-visible spectroscopy and electrospray ionization mass spectrometry. The cytotoxicities of the tetranuclear and hexanuclear ruthenium complexes have been established on ovarian A2780 and A2780cisR cancer cell lines. The compds. are quite cytotoxic, the most active metalla-assembly being [Ru6(p-cymene)6(dobq)3(tpp)2]6+, with IC50 values of 2.1 μM and 3.8 μM against A2780 and A2780cisR cells, resp.	2010-01-01	Dalton Transactions
10.1680/geot.15.P.073	Fabric evolution and the related swelling behaviour of a sand/bentonite mixture upon hydro-chemo-mechanical loadings	This experimental study investigates the swelling behaviour of an 80/20 sand/bentonite mixture and the associated fabric evolution under different hydro-chemo-mechanical loadings. Free and confined swelling tests are performed on specimens compacted to different dry densities and wetted with different pore fluids. Controlled suction confined swelling tests are performed to determine the suction-swelling pressure relationship for two different densities. An extensive microstructural characterisation is performed to relate the observed swelling behaviour to the evolution of the different pore networks during wetting. Based on the microstructural analysis, an expression is proposed to determine the relative dry density of the bentonite. This parameter enables comparisons of the data on the swelling of different bentonite-based materials prepared at different mixing ratios. A unique relationship is determined to fit all of the experimental data satisfactorily. The results reveal that the generated swelling pressure depends on the applied matric suction and on the chemical composition of the pore water. At a low dry density, the mixture in contact with aqueous solutions loses most of its swelling capacity. At a higher dry density, the swelling capacity of the mixture is better preserved.	2016-01-01	Geotechnique -London-
10.1016/j.neurobiolaging.2008.08.019	Beta amyloid and hyperphosphorylated tau deposits in the pancreas in type 2 diabetes	Strong epidemiologic evidence suggests an association between Alzheimer disease (AD) and type 2 diabetes. To determine if amyloid beta (A$\beta$) and hyperphosphorylated tau occurs in type 2 diabetes, pancreas tissues from 21 autopsy cases (10 type 2 diabetes and 11 controls) were analyzed. APP and tau mRNAs were identified in human pancreas and in cultured insulinoma beta cells (INS-1) by RT-PCR. Prominent APP and tau bands were detected by Western blotting in pancreatic extracts. Aggregated A$\beta$, hyperphosphorylated tau, ubiquitin, apolipoprotein E, apolipoprotein(a), IB1/JIP-1 and JNK1 were detected in Langerhans islets in type 2 diabetic patients. A$\beta$ was co-localized with amylin in islet amyloid deposits. In situ beta sheet formation of islet amyloid deposits was shown by infrared microspectroscopy (SIRMS). LPS increased APP in non-neuronal cells as well. We conclude that A$\beta$ deposits and hyperphosphorylated tau are also associated with type 2 diabetes, highlighting common pathogenetic features in neurodegenerative disorders, including AD and type 2 diabetes and suggesting that A deposits and hyperphosphorylated tau may also occur in other organs than the brain.	2010-01-01	Neurobiology of Aging
10.1080/15502724.2020.1726183	Window Size Effects on Subjective Impressions of Daylit Spaces: Indoor Studies at High Latitudes Using Virtual Reality	Daylight provision to the indoor space is affected by different building elements that cannot be fully controlled by the users, such as the window size of a space. The dimensions of the fenestration not only affect the lighting levels, but they also affect how the space is perceived by its users. The present study examines three different window sizes via virtual reality, to study how they affect the perception of both a small and a large space at high latitudes. Additionally, two context scenarios (socializing and working), as well as three different sky types (overcast sky and clear skies with either high or low sun angle) were evaluated. The experimental study applied a mixed design with within-subjects and between-subjects factors. A total of 150 participants evaluated the scenes using a Likert-type scale to rate eight different subjective attributes. The statistical results showed that both window size and space type significantly affect the participants’ spatial perception, as well as their satisfaction with the amount of outside view. Larger windows led to more positively evaluated spaces for all studied attributes. Moreover, a significant interaction was found between window size and type of space for the satisfaction with the amount of view in the space, indicating that the window size was dependent on the type of space in which the windows are located. Specifically, the window sizes were rated higher in the small space than in the large space for the evaluation of amount of view. The findings show that window size affects how people perceive a space, and additionally, that other spatial features, such as space type, affect window size preferences.	2021-01-01	LEUKOS: The Journal of the Illuminating Engineering Society
10.1112/jlms/jdm100	A geometric characterization of orient at ion-reversing involutions	We give a geometric characterization of compact Riemann surfaces admitting orientation-reversing involutions with fixed points. Such surfaces are generally called real surfaces and can be represented by real algebraic curves with non-empty real part. We show that there is a family of disjoint simple closed geodesics that intersect all geodesics of a pants decomposition at least twice in uniquely right angles if and only if such an involution exists. This implies that a surface is real if and only if there is a pants decomposition of the surface with all Fenchel-Nielsen twist parameters equal to 0 or 1/2.	2008-01-01	Journal Of The London Mathematical Society-Second Series
10.1111/ejn.14061	Alterations in brain microstructure in rats that develop abnormal aggression following peripubertal stress	Exposure to early adversity is implicated in the development of aggressive behaviour later in life in some but not all individuals. The reasons for the variability in response to such experiences are not clear but may relate to pre‐existing individual differences that influence their downstream effects. Applying structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to a rat model of abnormal aggression induced by peripubertal stress, we examined whether individual differences in the development of an aggressive phenotype following stress exposure were underpinned by variation in the structure of aggression‐associated, corticolimbic brain regions. We also assessed whether responsiveness of the hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal axis to stress was associated with neurobehavioural outcome following adversity. A subset of the rats exposed to peripubertal stress developed an aggressive phenotype, while the remaining rats were affected in other behavioural domains, such as increased anxiety‐like behaviours and reduced sociability. Peripubertal stress led to changes in tissue microstructure within prefrontal cortex, amygdala and hippocampal formation only in those individuals displaying an aggressive phenotype. Attenuated glucocorticoid response to stress during juvenility predicted the subsequent development of an aggressive phenotype in peripubertal stress‐exposed rats. Our study establishes a link between peripubertal stress exposure in rats and structural deviations in brain regions linked to abnormal aggression and points towards low glucocorticoid responsiveness to stress as a potential underlying mechanism. We additionally highlight the importance of considering individual differences in behavioural response to stress when determining neurobiological correlates.	2018-01-01	Eur J Neurosci
10.1016/j.chemosphere.2019.124938	Dissolved major and trace geochemical dynamics in Antarctic lacustrine systems	Clearwater Mesa Uames Ross Island, northeast Antarctic Peninsula) provides a unique opportunity to study solute dynamics and geochemical weathering in the pristine lacustrine systems of a high latitude environment. In order to determine major controls on the solute composition of these habitats, a geochemical survey was conducted on 35 lakes. Differences between lakes were observed based on measured physico-chemical parameters, revealing neutral to alkaline waters with total dissolved solids (TDS) < 2500 mg L-1. Katerina and Trinidad-Tatana systems showed an increase in their respective TDS, total organic carbon values, and finner sediments from external to internal lakes, indicating an accumulation of solutes due to weathering. Norma and Florencia systems exhibited the most diluted and circumneutral waters, likely from the influence of glacier and snow melt. Finally, isolated lakes presented large variability in TDS values, indicating weathering and meltwater contributions at different proportions. Trace metal abundances revealed a volcanic mineral weathering source, except for Pb and Zn, which could potentially indicate atmospheric inputs. Geochemical modelling was also conducted on a subset of connected lakes to gain greater insight into processes determining solute composition, resulting in the weathering of salts, carbonates and silicates with the corresponding generation of clays. We found CO2 consumption accounted for 20-30% of the total species involved in weathering reactions. These observations allow insights into naturally occurring geochemical processes in a pristine environment, while also providing baseline data for future research assessing the impacts of anthropogenic pollution and the effects of climate change. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2020-02-01	Chemosphere
10.1088/0953-8984/7/21/013	Relaxors as Superparaelectrics with Distributions of the Local Transition-Temperature	A model of relaxors as superparaelectrics with a distribution of the local transition temperature has been investigated. The necessary model parameters are obtained from the analysis of the static polarization response of lead magnesium niobate and then employed in simulations of the frequency-dependent dielectric properties. The present model is compared with a previously published model of relaxors, based on a single transition temperature but with a distribution of the size of the polar regions. Both of them describe some characteristic features of relaxors, i.e. the shift of the peaks in temperature dependence of the real and imaginary parts of the dielectric permittivity with frequency and the broadening of the relaxation time spectrum on cooling. However, a model which takes into account the distribution of the size of the polar regions describes qualitatively correctly the shape of the relaxation time spectrum.	1995-01-01	Journal of Physics-Condensed Matter
10.1039/d3se01319g	Hydrogen production by waste tire recycling by photo-pyrolysis	Waste tires are a major environmental concern due to their non-degradable nature and the large area occupied by them in landfills worldwide. Several recycling processes have been applied to minimize the high amount of waste tire disposal; in particular, pyrolysis has gained more attention since it can minimize the emission of toxic gases. In this study, we present a new process for treating waste tires called "photo-pyrolysis". End-of-life tires, in the form of powder (100-200 μm) and/or small shreds, were converted in a few seconds (2.4 to 20 s), by using high-intensity flash light irradiation from a xenon lamp, into valuable products such as tire pyrolysis oil (TPO) and syngas, and a carbon-rich solid residue. 44 wt% was recovered as a solid of which 32.3 wt% was related to carbon and 11.7 wt% to the metals and inorganic fillers. The next 36 wt% was attributed to a mixture of gases (mainly hydrogen, ethylene, and methane) and the remaining 20 wt% was produced as a liquid fraction (TPO). Therefore, photo-pyrolysis is proposed as a new and eco-friendly strategy for recycling end-of-life tires, which can be industrialized with continuous processing systems, and used not only for tire recycling but also for other solid organic wastes.|Waste tires are a major environmental concern due to their non-degradable nature and the large area occupied by them in landfills worldwide.	2023-11-07	Sustainable Energy & Fuels
10.1017/S0022377814001202	Simulation of the scrape-off layer region of tokamak devices	Understanding the key processes occurring in the tokamak scrape-off layer (SOL) is becoming of the outmost importance while we enter the ITER era and we move towards the conception of future fusion reactors. By controlling the heat exhaust, by playing an important role in determining the overall plasma confinement, and by regulating the impurity level in tokamak core, the dynamics of the fusion fuel in the SOL is, in fact, related to some of the most crucial issues that the fusion program is facing today. Because of the limited diagnostic access and in view of predicting the SOL dynamics in future devices, simulations are becoming crucial to address the physics of this region. The present paper, which summarizes the lecture on SOL simulations that was given during the 7th ITER international school (August 25-29, 2014, Aix-en-Provence, France), provides a brief overview of the simulation approaches to the SOL dynamics. First, disentangling the complexity of the system, the key physics processes occurring in the SOL are described. Then, the different simulation approaches to the SOL dynamics are presented, from first-principles kinetic and fluid models, to the phenomenological analysis.	2015-01-01	Journal of Plasma Physics
10.1021/jacs.2c03489	Copper-Phosphonate Lamella Intermediates Control the Shape of Colloidal Copper Nanocrystals	Understanding the structure and behavior of intermediates in chemical reactions is key to developing greater control over the reaction outcome. This principle is particularly important in the synthesis of metal nanocrystals (NCs), where the reduction, nucleation and growth of the reaction intermediates will determine the final size and shape of the product. The shape of metal NCs plays a major role in determining their catalytic, photochemical and electronic properties and, thus, the potential applications of the material. In this work, we demonstrate that layered coordination polymers, called lamellae, are reaction intermediates in Cu NC synthesis. Importantly, we discover that the lamella structure can be fine-tuned using organic ligands of different length and that these structural changes control the shape of the final NC. Specifically, we show that short-chain phosphonate ligands generate lamellae that are stable enough at the reaction temperature to facilitate the soft-templating of Cu nuclei into anisotropic Cu NCs, being primarily triangular plates. In contrast, lamellae formed from long-chain ligands lose their structure and form spherical Cu NCs. The synthetic approach presented here provides a versatile tool for the future development of metal NCs, including other anisotropic structures.	2022-03-31	Journal Of The American Chemical Society
10.1039/c4sc02064b	Comprehensive study of carbon dioxide adsorption in the metal-organic frameworks M-2(dobdc) (M = Mg, Mn, Fe, Co, Ni, Cu, Zn)	Analysis of the CO2 adsorption properties of a well-known series of metal-organic frameworks M-2(dobdc) (dobdc(4-) = 2,5-dioxido-1,4-benzenedicarboxylate; M = Mg, Mn, Fe, Co, Ni, Cu, and Zn) is carried out in tandem with in situ structural studies to identify the host-guest interactions that lead to significant differences in isosteric heats of CO2 adsorption. Neutron and X-ray powder diffraction and single crystal X-ray diffraction experiments are used to unveil the site-specific binding properties of CO2 within many of these materials while systematically varying both the amount of CO2 and the temperature. Unlike previous studies, we show that CO2 adsorbed at the metal cations exhibits intramolecular angles with minimal deviations from 180 degrees, a finding that indicates a strongly electrostatic and physisorptive interaction with the framework surface and sheds more light on the ongoing discussion regarding whether CO2 adsorbs in a linear or nonlinear geometry. This has important implications for proposals that have been made to utilize these materials for the activation and chemical conversion of CO2. For the weaker CO2 adsorbents, significant elongation of the metal-O(CO2) distances are observed and diffraction experiments additionally reveal that secondary CO2 adsorption sites, while likely stabilized by the population of the primary adsorption sites, significantly contribute to adsorption behavior at ambient temperature. Density functional theory calculations including van der Waals dispersion quantitatively corroborate and rationalize observations regarding intramolecular CO2 angles and trends in relative geometric properties and heats of adsorption in the M-2(dobdc)-CO2 adducts.	2014-01-01	Chemical Science
10.1088/0029-5515/53/10/104023	Science and technology research and development in support to ITER and the Broader Approach at CEA	In parallel to the direct contribution to the procurement phase of ITER and Broader Approach, CEA has initiated research & development programmes, accompanied by experiments together with a significant modelling effort, aimed at ensuring robust operation, plasma performance, as well as mitigating the risks of the procurement phase. This overview reports the latest progress in both fusion science and technology including many areas, namely the mitigation of superconducting magnet quenches, disruption-generated runaway electrons, edge-localized modes (ELMs), the development of imaging surveillance, and heating and current drive systems for steady-state operation. The WEST (W Environment for Steady-state Tokamaks) project, turning Tore Supra into an actively cooled W-divertor platform open to the ITER partners and industries, is presented.	2013-01-01	Nuclear Fusion
10.1063/5.0096316	On the Ohmic-dominant heating mode of capacitively coupled plasma inverted by boundary electron emission	Electron emission from the boundary is ubiquitous in a capacitively coupled plasma (CCP) and precipitates nonnegligible influence on the discharge properties. Here, we present Particle-in-Cell/Monte Carlo Collision simulation of an Ohmic-dominant heating mode of the capacitively coupled plasma, where the stochastic heating vanishes and only Ohmic heating sustains the discharge due to sheath inversion by boundary electron emission. The inverted CCP features negative sheath potential without Bohm presheath, hence excluding plasma heating due to sheath edge oscillation. The particle and energy transport of the proposed heating mode is analyzed. The influence of boundary electron emission flux, source voltage, and neutral pressure on the transition between classic and Ohmic-dominant CCP heating modes is shown with designated simulation scans. A modified inverse sheath–plasma coupling due to excessive ionization is discovered. In the end, key indicators of the proposed heating mode in plasma diagnostics are provided for future experimental verifications.	2022-07-05	Applied Physics Letters
10.1016/j.cmpb.2023.107743	A semi-supervised algorithm for improving the consistency of crowdsourced datasets: The COVID-19 case study on respiratory disorder classification	Background and Objective: Cough audio signal classification is a potentially useful tool in screening for respiratory disorders, such as COVID-19. Since it is dangerous to collect data from patients with contagious diseases, many research teams have turned to crowdsourcing to quickly gather cough sound data. The COUGHVID dataset enlisted expert physicians to annotate and diagnose the underlying diseases present in a limited number of recordings. However, this approach suffers from potential cough mislabeling, as well as disagreement between experts. Methods: In this work, we use a semi-supervised learning (SSL) approach – based on audio signal processing tools and interpretable machine learning models – to improve the labeling consistency of the COUGHVID dataset for 1) COVID-19 versus healthy cough sound classification 2) distinguishing wet from dry coughs, and 3) assessing cough severity. First, we leverage SSL expert knowledge aggregation techniques to overcome the labeling inconsistencies and label sparsity in the dataset. Next, our SSL approach is used to identify a subsample of re-labeled COUGHVID audio samples that can be used to train or augment future cough classifiers. Results: The consistency of the re-labeled COVID-19 and healthy data is demonstrated in that it exhibits a high degree of inter-class feature separability: 3x higher than that of the user-labeled data. Similarly, the SSL method increases this separability by 11.3x for cough type and 5.1x for severity classifications. Furthermore, the spectral differences in the user-labeled audio segments are amplified in the re-labeled data, resulting in significantly different power spectral densities between healthy and COVID-19 coughs in the 1-1.5 kHz range (𝑝 = 1.2 × 10−64 ), which demonstrates both the increased consistency of the new dataset and its explainability from an acoustic perspective. Finally, we demonstrate how the re-labeled dataset can be used to train a COVID-19 classifier, achieving an AUC of 0.797. Conclusions: We propose a SSL expert knowledge aggregation technique for the field of cough sound classification for the first time, and demonstrate how it can be used to combine the medical knowledge of multiple experts in an explainable fashion, thus providing abundant, consistent data for cough classification tasks.	2023-01-01	Computer Methods and Programs in Biomedicine
10.14512/gaia.28.2.13	Leveraging research partnerships to achieve the 2030 Agenda Experiences from North-South cooperation	Transnational research partnerships are considered fundamental for supporting research and creating shared knowledge for sustainable development. They enable the acquisition and global sharing of high-quality information and create shared knowledge and capacity. This paper aimed to identify the enabling factors of such partnerships. In a survey carried out by the authors of this article, partnerships were perceived most beneficial when they provided access to new key features such as funding, technology and training. Compliance with research partnership principles, combined with funds and shared interests, was seen to further enhance the longevity of partnerships. Upon consulting the recent peer-reviewed literature, it became clear that research was lacking with regard to optimising the framework and performance of research partnerships, despite galloping technological progress in other areas of sustainable development. We believe that technological opportunities could be better harnessed to enable the concept of partnership to evolve and move towards transformative research for the advancement of sustainable development.	2019-01-01	Gaia-Ecological Perspectives For Science And Society
10.1149/2.0281909jes	Blocking the Charge Recombination with Diiodide Radicals by TiO2 Compact Layer in Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells	The addition of a compact titanium dioxide (TiO2) layer between the fluorine-doped tin oxide (FTO) coated glass substrate and the mesoporous TiO2 layer in the dye-sensitized solar cell (DSC) based on the iodide/triiodide redox couple (I-/I-3(-)) is known to improve its current-voltage characteristics. The compact layer decreases the recombination of electrons extracted through the FTO layer with I-3(-) around the maximum power point. Furthermore, the short-circuit photocurrent was improved, which previously has been attributed to the improved light transmittance and/or better contact between TiO2 and FTO. Here, we demonstrate that the compact TiO2 layer has another beneficial effect: it blocks the reaction between charge carriers in the FTO and photogenerated diiodide radical species (I-2(-center dot)). Using photomodulated voltammetry, it is demonstrated that the cathodic photocurrent found at bare FTO electrodes is blocked by the addition of a compact TiO2 layer, while the anodic photocurrent due to reaction with I-2(-center dot) is maintained. (C)The Author(s) 2019. Published by ECS.	2019-05-02	Journal Of The Electrochemical Society
10.1021/acs.jpcb.3c07936	Ultraviolet Superradiance from Mega-Networks of Tryptophan in Biological Architectures	Networks of tryptophan (Trp)& horbar;an aromatic amino acid with strong fluorescence response & horbar;are ubiquitous in biological systems, forming diverse architectures in transmembrane proteins, cytoskeletal filaments, subneuronal elements, photoreceptor complexes, virion capsids, and other cellular structures. We analyze the cooperative effects induced by ultraviolet (UV) excitation of several biologically relevant Trp mega-networks, thus giving insights into novel mechanisms for cellular signaling and control. Our theoretical analysis in the single-excitation manifold predicts the formation of strongly superradiant states due to collective interactions among organized arrangements of up to >10(5) Trp UV-excited transition dipoles in microtubule architectures, which leads to an enhancement of the fluorescence quantum yield (QY) that is confirmed by our experiments. We demonstrate the observed consequences of this superradiant behavior in the fluorescence QY for hierarchically organized tubulin structures, which increases in different geometric regimes at thermal equilibrium before saturation, highlighting the effect's persistence in the presence of disorder. Our work thus showcases the many orders of magnitude across which the brightest (hundreds of femtoseconds) and darkest (tens of seconds) states can coexist in these Trp lattices.	2024-04-19	Journal Of Physical Chemistry B
10.1093/mnras/stt2395	First galaxy-galaxy lensing measurement of satellite halo mass in the CFHT Stripe-82 Survey	We select satellite galaxies from the galaxy group catalogue constructed with the Sloan Digital Sky Survey spectroscopic galaxies and measure the tangential shear around these galaxies with the source catalogue extracted from the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope Stripe-82 Survey. Using the tangential shear, we constrain the mass of subhaloes associated with these satellites. The lensing signal is measured around satellites in groups with masses in the range 10(13)-5 x 10(14) h (1) M-circle dot, and is found to agree well with theoretical expectations. Fitting the data with a truncated NFW profile, we obtain an average subhalo mass of log (M-sub/h (-1) M-circle dot) = 11.68 +/- 0.67 for satellites whose projected distances to central galaxies are in the range 0.1-0.3 h (1) Mpc and log (M-sub/h (1) M-circle dot) = 11.68 +/- 0.76 for satellites with projected halo-centric distance in [0.3, 0.5]h (1) Mpc. The best-fitting subhalo masses are comparable to the truncated subhalomasses assigned to satellite galaxies using abundance matching and are about 5-10 times higher than the average stellar mass of the lensing satellite galaxies.	2014-01-01	Monthly Notices Of The Royal Astronomical Society
10.1016/j.expneurol.2014.10.018	Deficiency in monocarboxylate transporter 1 (MCT1) in mice delays regeneration of peripheral nerves following sciatic nerve crush	Peripheral nerve regeneration following injury occurs spontaneously, but many of the processes require metabolic energy. The mechanism of energy supply to axons has not previously been determined. In the central nervous system, monocarboxylate transporter 1 (MCT1), expressed in oligodendroglia, is critical for supplying lactate or other energy metabolites to axons. In the current study, MCT1 is shown to localize within the peripheral nervous system to perineurial cells, dorsal root ganglion neurons, and Schwann cells by MCT1 immunofluorescence in wild-type mice and tdTomato fluorescence in MCT1 BAC reporter mice. To investigate whether MCT1 is necessary for peripheral nerve regeneration, sciatic nerves of MCT1 heterozygous null mice are crushed and peripheral nerve regeneration was quantified electrophysiologically and anatomically. Compound muscle action potential (CMAP) recovery is delayed from a median of 21 days in wild-type mice to greater than 38 days in MCT1 heterozygote null mice. In fact, half of the MCT1 heterozygote null mice have no recovery of CMAP at 42 days, while all of the wild-type mice recovered. In addition, muscle fibers remain 40% more atrophic and neuromuscular junctions 40% more denervated at 42 days post-crush in the MCT1 heterozygote null mice than wild-type mice. The delay in nerve regeneration is not only in motor axons, as the number of regenerated axons in the sural sensory nerve of MCT1 heterozygote null mice at 4 weeks and tibial mixed sensory and motor nerve at 3 weeks is also significantly reduced compared to wild-type mice. This delay in regeneration may be partly due to failed Schwann cell function, as there is reduced early phagocytosis of myelin debris and remyelination of axon segments. These data for the first time demonstrate that MCT1 is critical for regeneration of both sensory and motor axons in mice following sciatic nerve crush. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2015-01-01	Experimental Neurology
10.1029/2018JD029858	The Microphysics of Stratiform Precipitation During OLYMPEX: Compatibility Between Triple-Frequency Radar and Airborne In Situ Observations	The link between stratiform precipitation microphysics and multifrequency radar observables is thoroughly investigated by exploiting simultaneous airborne radar and in situ observations collected from two aircraft during the OLYMPEX/RADEX (Olympic Mountain Experiment/Radar Definition Experiment 2015) field campaign. Above the melting level, in situ images and triple-frequency radar signatures both indicate the presence of moderately rimed aggregates. Various mass-size relationships of ice particles and snow scattering databases are used to compute the radar reflectivity from the in situ particle size distribution. At Ku and Ka band, the best agreement with radar observations is found when using the self-similar Rayleigh-Gans approximation for moderately rimed aggregates. At W band, a direct comparison is challenging because of the non-Rayleigh effects and of the probable attenuation due to ice aggregates and supercooled liquid water between the two aircraft. A variational method enables the retrieval of the full precipitation profile above and below the melting layer, by combining the observations from the three radars. Even with three radar frequencies, the retrieval of rain properties is challenging over land, where the integrated attenuation is not available. Otherwise, retrieved mean volume diameters and water contents of both solid and liquid precipitation are in agreement with in situ observations and indicate local changes of the degree of riming of ice aggregates, on the scale of 5 km. Finally, retrieval results are analyzed to explore the validity of using continuity constraints on the water mass flux and diameter within the melting layer in order to improve retrievals of ice properties.	2019-08-16	Journal Of Geophysical Research-Atmospheres
10.1016/j.energy.2024.132182	ROSMOSE: A web-based decision support tool for the design and optimization of industrial and urban energy systems	Energy efficiency is crucial for the sustainable operation of industrial and urban sectors. However, practicing engineers seldom have access to open-source tools that can readily evaluate and compare scenarios. In this work, a novel web-based tool called ROSMOSE is developed and proposed for analyzing the energy efficiency of industrial and urban systems and comparing potential process integration options. This optimization framework computes and graphically represents the minimum energy requirements, the pinch temperatures, and the Grand and integrated Carnot composite curves of process systems. Results are used to design utility systems that meet energy demands, while minimizing a specified objective function, such as total cost or environmental impacts. The Quarto environment, in which ROSMOSE is built upon, allows the integration of various open-source software and tools, such as database handling software, process modeling suites, and optimization solvers, along with interactive data visualization and reporting tools. This paper discusses the application of ROSMOSE for the energy integration and total site optimization of a dairy process consisting of milk treatment, and cream and cheese production to demonstrate the tool features. Other integration options, such as the use of heat pumps or solar panels, and the production of soft drinks or biogas as value-added byproducts, are also proposed and evaluated. As a result, from 75 % to 90 % in fuel savings and up to 80 % CO2 emissions reduction in the dairy plant are identified by optimizing the utility systems integration. Moreover, complete electrification via heat pumps eliminates any fossil fuel needs and it results in 85 % energy savings and up to 96 % CO2 emissions reduction. The activation of renewable electricity sources, such as solar power, made plausible this fully electrified scenario. Finally, optimized waste management strategies led to in-house fuel production and net export of biogas to the grid, but they also reduce cheese yield by prioritizing the biogas production from whey upgrading process. In this way, decision-makers have access to a clear performance comparison for a list of system configurations to draw informed trade-offs. A similar approach could be adopted to aid decision-making for the design and operation of other industrial and urban energy systems using ROSMOSE.	2024-06-29	Energy
10.1016/j.jcrysgro.2014.11.008	Parabolic tailored-potential quantum-wires grown in inverted pyramids	Quasi-one-dimensional AlGaAs quantum wires (QWRs) with parabolic heterostructure profiles along their axis were fabricated using metallorganic vapor phase epitaxy (MOVPE) On patterned (111)B GaAs substrates. Tailoring of the confined electronic states via modification in the parabolic potential profile is demonstrated using model calculations and photoluminescence spectroscopy. These novel nanostructures are useful for studying the optical properties of systems with dimensionality between zero and one. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2015-01-01	Journal Of Crystal Growth
10.1002/pssa.202100467	Fabrication of Single-Crystalline InSb-on-Insulator by Rapid Melt Growth	InSb has the smallest bandgap and highest electron mobility among III-V semiconductors and is widely used for photodetectors and high-frequency electronic applications. Integration of InSb directly on Si would drastically reduce the fabrication cost and enable new applications, however, it is very challenging due to its 19% lattice mismatch with Si. Herein, the integration of single-crystalline InSb microstructures on insulator-covered Si through rapid melt growth (RMG) is reported and specifically provides details on the fabrication process. The importance of achieving high-quality conformal capping layers at low thermal budget to contain the InSb melt is assessed when the sample is annealed. The importance of ensuring a pristine Si seed area to achieve single-crystalline InSb is illustrated and demonstrated here for the first time.	2021-11-05	Physica Status Solidi A-Applications And Materials Science
10.1103/PhysRevLett.125.216402	Radial Spin Texture of the Weyl Fermions in Chiral Tellurium	Trigonal tellurium, a small-gap semiconductor with pronounced magneto-electric and magneto-optical responses, is among the simplest realizations of a chiral crystal. We have studied by spin- and angle-resolved photoelectron spectroscopy its unconventional electronic structure and unique spin texture. We identify Kramers-Weyl, composite, and accordionlike Weyl fermions, so far only predicted by theory, and show that the spin polarization is parallel to the wave vector along the lines in k space connecting high-symmetry points. Our results clarify the symmetries that enforce such spin texture in a chiral crystal, thus bringing new insight in the formation of a spin vectorial field more complex than the previously proposed hedgehog configuration. Our findings thus pave the way to a classification scheme for these exotic spin textures and their search in chiral crystals.	2020-11-19	Physical Review Letters
10.1063/5.0165285	Crystallization of FAPbI<sub>3</sub>: Polytypes and stacking faults	Molecular dynamics simulations are performed to study the crystallization of formamidinium lead iodide. From all-atom simulations of the crystal growth process and the delta-alpha-phase transitions, we try to reveal the formation of various stack-faulted intermediate defected structures and report various polytypes of formamidinium lead iodide that are observed from simulations. (c) 2023 Author(s).	2023-10-21	Journal Of Chemical Physics
10.3389/fenrg.2024.1379863	Influence of air flow features on alpine wind energy potential	Wind energy is one of the potential options to fill the gap in renewable energy production in Switzerland during the winter season when the energy demand exceeds local production capacities. With likely further rising energy consumption in the future, the winter energy deficit may further increase. However, a reliable assessment of wind energy potential in complex terrain remains challenging. To obtain such information, numerical simulations are performed using a combination of the "Consortium for Small-scale Modeling" and "Weather Research and Forecasting" (COSMO-WRF) models initialized and driven by COSMO-1E model, which allows us to simulate the influence of topography at a horizontal resolution of 300 m. Two LiDAR measurement campaigns were conducted in the regions of Lukmanier Pass and Les Diablerets, Switzerland. Observational LiDAR data and measurements from nearby wind sensor networks are used to validate the COSMO-WRF simulations. The simulations show an improved representation of wind speed and direction near the ground compared to COSMO-1E. However, with increasing height and less effect of the terrain, COSMO-WRF tends to overestimate the wind speeds, following the bias that is already present in COSMO-1E. We investigate two characteristic mountain-terrain flow features, namely waves and Foehn. The effect of mountain-induced waves of the flow is investigated through an event that occurred in the area of Diablerets. One-year analysis for the frequency of conditions that are favorable for mountain wave formation is estimated. The Foehn impact on wind was observed in the Lukmanier domain. We attempt quantification of the probability of occurrence using the Foehnix model. The result shows a high probability of Foehn occurrence during the winter and early spring seasons. Our study highlights the importance of incorporating complex terrain-related meteorological events into the wind energy assessment. Furthermore, for an accurate assessment of wind speed in complex terrain, our study suggests the necessity to have a better representation of the topography compared to COSMO-1E.	2024-05-24	Frontiers In Energy Research
10.1103/PhysRevLett.118.091601	Neutron Electric Dipole Moment from Gauge-String Duality	We compute the electric dipole moment of nucleons in the large N-c QCD model by Witten, Sakai, and Sugimoto with N-f = 2 degenerate massive flavors. Baryons in the model are instantonic solitons of an effective five-dimensional action describing the whole tower of mesonic fields. We find that the dipole electromagnetic form factor of the nucleons, induced by a finite topological. angle, exhibits complete vector meson dominance. We are able to evaluate the contribution of each vector meson to the final result a small number of modes are relevant to obtain an accurate estimate. Extrapolating the model parameters to real QCD data, the neutron electric dipole moment is evaluated to be d(n) = 1.8 x 10(-16)theta e cm. The electric dipole moment of the proton is exactly the opposite.	2017-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1186/s12951-017-0254-9	Interaction of silver nanoparticles with algae and fish cells: a side by side comparison	Background: Silver nanoparticles (AgNP) are widely applied and can, upon use, be released into the aquatic environment. This raises concerns about potential impacts of AgNP on aquatic organisms. We here present a side by side comparison of the interaction of AgNP with two contrasting cell types: algal cells, using the algae Euglena gracilis as model, and fish cells, a cell line originating from rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) gill (RTgill-W1). The comparison is based on the AgNP behavior in exposure media, toxicity, uptake and interaction with proteins. Results: (1) The composition of exposure media affected AgNP behavior and toxicity to algae and fish cells. (2) The toxicity of AgNP to algae was mediated by dissolved silver while nanoparticle specific effects in addition to dissolved silver contributed to the toxicity of AgNP to fish cells. (3) AgNP did not enter into algal cells; they only adsorbed onto the cell surface. In contrast, AgNP were taken up by fish cells via endocytic pathways. (4) AgNP can bind to both extracellular and intracellular proteins and inhibit enzyme activity. Conclusion: Our results showed that fish cells take up AgNP in contrast to algal cells, where AgNP sorbed onto the cell surface, which indicates that the cell wall of algae is a barrier to particle uptake. This particle behaviour results in different responses to AgNP exposure in algae and fish cells. Yet, proteins from both cell types can be affected by AgNP exposure: for algae, extracellular proteins secreted from cells for, e. g., nutrient acquisition. For fish cells, intracellular and/or membrane-bound proteins, such as the Na+/K+-ATPase, are susceptible to AgNP binding and functional impairment.	2017-01-01	Journal Of Nanobiotechnology
10.2533/chimia.2012.205	Heteroatom Nucleophile Induced C-C Fragmentations to Access Functionalized Allenes	The rich structural and reactivity profile of allenes render them versatile synthetic intermediates. However, application of allenes in organic chemistry is often attenuated by inconvenient methods of preparation. Herein we present an operationally simple route to functionalized allenes from vinyl triflate precursors through a Grob-type fragmentation induced by heteroatom nucleophiles such as water, alcohols, thiols or amines. The fragmentation occurs under mild conditions and is well suited for one-pot or domino processes allowing access to a range of synthetically useful intermediates.	2012-01-01	Chimia
10.1038/s41586-024-07228-z	Dopant-additive synergism enhances perovskite solar modules	Perovskite solar cells (PSCs) are among the most promising photovoltaic technologies owing to their exceptional optoelectronic properties 1,2 . However, the lower efficiency, poor stability and reproducibility issues of large-area PSCs compared with laboratory-scale PSCs are notable drawbacks that hinder their commercialization 3 . Here we report a synergistic dopant-additive combination strategy using methylammonium chloride (MACl) as the dopant and a Lewis-basic ionic-liquid additive, 1,3-bis(cyanomethyl)imidazolium chloride ([Bcmim]Cl). This strategy effectively inhibits the degradation of the perovskite precursor solution (PPS), suppresses the aggregation of MACl and results in phase-homogeneous and stable perovskite films with high crystallinity and fewer defects. This approach enabled the fabrication of perovskite solar modules (PSMs) that achieved a certified efficiency of 23.30% and ultimately stabilized at 22.97% over a 27.22-cm2 aperture area, marking the highest certified PSM performance. Furthermore, the PSMs showed long-term operational stability, maintaining 94.66% of the initial efficiency after 1,000 h under continuous one-sun illumination at room temperature. The interaction between [Bcmim]Cl and MACl was extensively studied to unravel the mechanism leading to an enhancement of device properties. Our approach holds substantial promise for bridging the benchtop-to-rooftop gap and advancing the production and commercialization of large-area perovskite photovoltaics.|A synergistic dopant-additive combination strategy using methylammonium chloride as the dopant and a Lewis-basic ionic-liquid additive is shown to enable the fabrication of perovskite solar modules achieving record certified performance and long-term operational stability.	2024-03-04	Nature
10.1016/j.micres.2006.11.016	A protein linkage map of the ESAT-6 secretion system 1 (ESX-1) of Mycobacterium tuberculosis	Tuberculosis is a chronic infectious disease caused by bacteria of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex. One of the major contributors to virulence and intercellular spread of M. tuberculosis is the ESAT-6 secretion system 1 (ESX-1) that has been lost by the live vaccines Mycobacterium bovis BCG (Bacille Calmette Guérin) and Mycobacterium microti as a result of independent deletions. ESX-1 consists of at least 10 genes (Rv3868-Rv3877) encoding the T-cell antigens ESAT-6 and CFP-10 as well as AAA-ATPases, chaperones, and membrane proteins which probably form a novel export system. To better understand the mode of action of the ESX-1 proteins, as a prelude to drug development, we examined systematically the interactions between the various proteins using the two-hybrid system in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Interestingly, ESAT-6 and CFP-10 formed both hetero- and homodimers. Moreover, Rv3866, Rv3868, and CFP-10 interacted with Rv3873 which also homodimerized. The data were summarized in a protein linkage map that is consistent with the model for the secretion apparatus and can be used as a basis to identify inhibitors of specific interactions.	2007-01-01	Microbiological research
10.1016/j.jmr.2011.06.013	Broadband excitation and indirect detection of nitrogen-14 in rotating solids using Delays Alternating with Nutation (DANTE)	A train of short rotor-synchronized pulses in the manner of Delays Alternating with Nutations for Tailored Excitation (DANTE) applied to nitrogen-14 nuclei (I = 1) in samples spinning at the magic angle at high frequencies (typically nu(rot) = 62.5 kHz so that tau(rot) = 16 mu s) allows one to achieve uniform excitation of a great number of spinning sidebands that arise from large first-order quadrupole interactions, as occur for aromatic nitrogen-14 nuclei in histidine. With routine rf amplitudes omega(1)(N-14)/(2 pi) = 60 kHz and very short pulses of a typical duration 0.5 < tau(p) < 2 mu s, efficient excitation can be achieved with 13 rotor-synchronized pulses in 13 tau(rot) = 208 mu s. Alternatively, with 'overtone' DANTE sequences using 2, 4, or 8 pulses per rotor period one can achieve efficient broadband excitation in fewer rotor periods, typically 2-4 tau(rot). These principles can be combined with the indirect detection of N-14 nuclei via spy nuclei with S = 1/2 such as H-1 or C-13 in the manner of Dipolar Heteronuclear Multiple-Quantum Correlation (D-HMQC). (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2011-01-01	Journal of Magnetic Resonance
10.1016/j.chemgeo.2011.03.003	Stable carbon isotope ratio analyses on trace methane from ice samples	Measurement of the concentration and stable isotope ratios of methane from air enclosures in ancient ice can aid in understanding the temporal dynamics of methane sources and sinks. These measurements can reconstruct past atmospheric compositions on scales of tens-to-hundreds of years with adequate precision and accuracy. We present an improved micro-extraction gas-chromatography continuous-flow isotope ratio mass spectrometer (CF-IRMS) method to extract and measure the methane C-13/C-12 ratio (delta(CH4)-C-13) of air occluded in glacial ice. The technique described uses a unique post-combustion trapping of the methane signal to produce a high amplitude sample peak increasing the signal to noise ratio of the sample. The technique requires only ca. 165 pmol of CH4 (ca. 30-150 g of ice depending on methane concentration). The small sample requirement permits very fine temporal sampling resolution and the possibility of routine duplicate measurements from multi-parameter ice core samples. The technique was applied to atmospheric air, artificial ice samples, and samples from the GISP2 ice core. The precision of our technique was evaluated using both atmospheric air and artificial ice samples and is less than +/- 0.3% (1 sigma). Our test measurements of shallow, poorer quality GISP2 ice from 225 +/- 20 yr BP give a delta(CF4)-C-13 value of -47.37 +/- 0.6%. (corrected for gravitational fractionation and referenced to VPDB), which is in excellent agreement with other published data. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2011-01-01	Chemical Geology
10.3390/cells8111467	The G Protein-Coupled Bile Acid Receptor TGR5 (Gpbar1) Modulates Endothelin-1 Signaling in Liver	TGR5 (Gpbar1) is a G protein-coupled receptor responsive to bile acids (BAs), which is expressed in different non-parenchymal cells of the liver, including biliary epithelial cells, liver-resident macrophages, sinusoidal endothelial cells (LSECs), and activated hepatic stellate cells (HSCs). Mice with targeted deletion of TGR5 are more susceptible towards cholestatic liver injury induced by cholic acid-feeding and bile duct ligation, resulting in a reduced proliferative response and increased liver injury. Conjugated lithocholic acid (LCA) represents the most potent TGR5 BA ligand and LCA-feeding has been used as a model to rapidly induce severe cholestatic liver injury in mice. Thus, TGR5 knockout (KO) mice and wildtype (WT) littermates were fed a diet supplemented with 1% LCA for 84 h. Liver injury and gene expression changes induced by the LCA diet revealed an enrichment of pathways associated with inflammation, proliferation, and matrix remodeling. Knockout of TGR5 in mice caused upregulation of endothelin-1 (ET-1) expression in the livers. Analysis of TGR5-dependent ET-1 signaling in isolated LSECs and HSCs demonstrated that TGR5 activation reduces ET-1 expression and secretion from LSECs and triggers internalization of the ET-1 receptor in HSCs, dampening ET-1 responsiveness. Thus, we identified two independent mechanisms by which TGR5 inhibits ET-1 signaling and modulates portal pressure.	2019-11-01	Cells
10.1038/ncomms10219	Accumulation of differentiating intestinal stem cell progenies drives tumorigenesis	Stem cell self-renewal and differentiation are coordinated to maintain tissue homeostasis and prevent cancer. Mutations causing stem cell proliferation are traditionally the focus of cancer studies. However, the contribution of the differentiating stem cell progenies in tumorigenesis is poorly characterized. Here we report that loss of the SOX transcription factor, Sox21a, blocks the differentiation programme of enteroblast (EB), the intestinal stem cell progeny in the adult Drosophila midgut. This results in EB accumulation and formation of tumours. Sox21a tumour initiation and growth involve stem cell proliferation induced by the unpaired 2 mitogen released from accumulating EBs generating a feed-forward loop. EBs found in the tumours are heterogeneous and grow towards the intestinal lumen. Sox21a tumours modulate their environment by secreting matrix metalloproteinase and reactive oxygen species. Enterocytes surrounding the tumours are eliminated through delamination allowing tumour progression, a process requiring JNK activation. Our data highlight the tumorigenic properties of transit differentiating cells.	2015-01-01	Nature Communications
10.1109/Tbme.2014.2298612	Caenorhabditis elegant segmentation using texture-based models for motility phenotyping	With widening interests in using model organisms for reverse genetic approaches and biomimmetic micro-robotics, motility phenotyping of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans is expanding across a growing array of locomotive environments. One ongoing bottleneck lies in providing users with automatic ne- matode segmentations of C. elegans in image sequences featuring complex and dynamic visual cues, a first and necessary step prior to extracting motility phenotypes. Here, we propose to tackle such automatic segmentation challenges by introducing a novel Texture Feature Model (TFM). Our approach revolves around the use of combined intensity- and texture-based features integrated within a probabilistic framework. This strategy first provides a coarse nematode segmentation from which a Markov Random Field (MRF) model is used to refine the segmentation by inferring pixels belonging to the nematode using an approximate inference technique. Finally, informative priors can then be estimated and integrated in our framework to provide coherent segmentations across image sequences. We validate our TFM method across a wide range of motility environments. Not only does TFM assure comparative performances to existing segmentation methods on traditional environments featuring static backgrounds, it importantly provides state-of-the-art C. elegans segmentations for dynamic environments such as the recently introduced wet granular media. We show how such segmentations may be used to compute nematode “skeletons” from which motility phenotypes can then be extracted. Overall, our TFM method provides users with a tangible solution to tackle the growing needs of C. elegans segmentation in challenging motility environments.	2014-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering
10.1163/016918611X584695	Analogy between Juggling and Hopping: Active Object Manipulation Approach	Dynamic manipulation of an active object is introduced as a general model of hopping and juggling tasks. In this setting, juggling and hopping are two extreme cases of this general model. Behavioral resemblance of these two tasks is afterwards extended to a detailed mathematical analogy between them. Then the analogy is exploited to develop a unified and abstract planning framework for juggling and hopping. To this end, dynamic manipulation of an active object is decomposed into three distinct phases and two transitions: Carry I, Free flight and Carry II phases. These phases are analogous to Lift off, Free flight and Touch down in hopping. In the next step, a mathematical model for each phase is developed. It is shown that dynamic grasp (in Carry phases of juggling) and foot stability (in Support phases of hopping) conditions share similar sets of dynamic equations. Accordingly, Lift off/Release and Touch down/Catch conditions in hopping/juggling are derived. It is shown that analogous strategies can be developed for Lift off and Release. The analogy is held for Touch down and Catch conditions as well. It is discussed that in the planning framework the initial and the goal configurations of the three phases are set in a model-based and forward manner. To do so, Touch down/Landing time, Free flight duration and robot/object maneuvers during Free flight are used as free parameters for planning in order to ensure foot stability in hopping and dynamic grasp in juggling along with other constraints. (C) Koninklijke Brill NV, Leiden, 2011	2011-01-01	Advanced Robotics
10.3390/nu13031042	The Effects of Time-Restricted Eating versus Standard Dietary Advice on Weight, Metabolic Health and the Consumption of Processed Food: A Pragmatic Randomised Controlled Trial in Community-Based Adults	Weight loss is key to controlling the increasing prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS) and its components, i.e., central obesity, hypertension, prediabetes and dyslipidaemia. The goals of our study were two-fold. First, we characterised the relationships between eating duration, unprocessed and processed food consumption and metabolic health. During 4 weeks of observation, 213 adults used a smartphone application to record food and drink consumption, which was annotated for food processing levels following the NOVA classification. Low consumption of unprocessed food and low physical activity showed significant associations with multiple MS components. Second, in a pragmatic randomised controlled trial, we compared the metabolic benefits of 12 h time-restricted eating (TRE) to standard dietary advice (SDA) in 54 adults with an eating duration > 14 h and at least one MS component. After 6 months, those randomised to TRE lost 1.6% of initial body weight (SD 2.9, p = 0.01), compared to the absence of weight loss with SDA (−1.1%, SD 3.5, p = 0.19). There was no significant difference in weight loss between TRE and SDA (between-group difference −0.88%, 95% confidence interval −3.1 to 1.3, p = 0.43). Our results show the potential of smartphone records to predict metabolic health and highlight that further research is needed to improve individual responses to TRE such as a shorter eating window or its actual clock time.	2021-03-23	Nutrients
10.1039/c7ta00973a	Elucidating the role of chlorine in perovskite solar cells	It has been proposed that introducing the chlorine anion into a CH3NH3PbI3 perovskite material can substantially improve the materials properties as well as the solar cell performance. To elucidate the role of chlorine in perovskite solar cells (PSCs), here we introduced PbCl2 into the precursor, and studied the chlorine configuration evolution during perovskite film formation and the associated influence on PSC performance in detail. We found that chlorine could be successfully incorporated into the precursor film in the form of PbICl or PbCl2 through a properly designed preparation, and it was conserved in the final perovskite film with a configuration of MAPbCl(3), PbICl or PbCl2 depending on the fabrication process. However, no evidence of a MAPbI(3-x)Cl(x) phase was observed, and it is considered that MAPbI(3-x)Cl(x) might be metastable or possesses a higher formation energy. In addition, we demonstrate that the formation of a porous PbICl scaffold in the precursor film plays a key role in high quality perovskite film realization, benefiting from an effective stress release during structure expansion after methylammonium iodide dripping. Moreover, we propose that residual amorphous PbCl2 can effectively passivate defects in perovskite film, and dramatically improve the film's electrical properties. Finally, n-i-p type planar PSCs with efficiencies up to 19.45% were achieved. It should be mentioned that the whole process for the formation of the PSCs is performed at less than 100 degrees C, which is beneficial for a wide range of applications, such as flexible and tandem solar cells.	2017-01-01	Journal Of Materials Chemistry A
10.1109/18.650985	Quantized overcomplete expansions in IRN: Analysis, synthesis and algorithms	Coefficient quantization has peculiar qualitative ef- fects on representations of vectors in R^n with respect to over- complete sets of vectors. These effects are investigated in two settings: frame expansions (representations obtained by forming inner products with each element of the set) and matching pursuit expansions (approximations obtained by greedily forming linear combinations). In both cases, based on the concept of consistency, it is shown that traditional linear reconstruction methods are suboptimal, and better consistent reconstruction algorithms are given. The proposed consistent reconstruction algorithms were in each case implemented, and experimental results are included. For frame expansions, results are proven to bound distortion as a function of frame redundancy	1998-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Information Theory
10.1006/jmra.1993.1158	Improved schemes for refocusing with frequency-modulated chirp pulses	The authors show that the accuracy of the NMR refocusing can be improved considerably by smoothing the RF amplitude and by optimizing the sweep rates. The suggested improvements are summarized graphically, and the resulting profiles are shown. Illustrative proton spectra of cyclosporine dissolved in chloroform are presented. [on SciFinder (R)]	1993-01-01	Journal of Magnetic Resonance, Series A
10.1080/00150199908016448	Contributions to the nonlinear dielectric and piezoelectric response of ferroelectric thin films and ceramics	The dielectric and piezoelectric response of ferroelectric thin films and ceramics was investigated as a function of the driving field amplitude. Detailed analysis of the amplitude and phase angle of the third harmonic of the dielectric displacement and piezoelectrically induced charge shows that the usual phenomenological approach is inadequate to describe experimentally observed field dependence of the dielectric and piezoelectric response. Qualitatively better agreement with experimental data is obtained using Rayleigh relations, suggesting that the observed field dependence of the polarization and piezoelectric charge may be associated with domain-wall displacement in a medium with a random distribution of pinning centers. The results indicate that the mechanism which controls the electromechanical response is very complex, and that it depends on history of samples, preparation conditions, material microstructure and on driving field amplitude.	1999-01-01	Ferroelectrics
10.3389/fninf.2016.00017	BluePyOpt: Leveraging Open Source Software and Cloud Infrastructure to Optimise Model Parameters in Neuroscience	At many scales in neuroscience, appropriate mathematical models take the form of complex dynamical systems. Parametrising such models to conform to the multitude of available experimental constraints is a global nonlinear optimisation problem with a complex fitness landscape, requiring numerical techniques to find suitable approximate solutions. Stochastic optimisation approaches, such as evolutionary algorithms, have been shown to be effective, but often the setting up of such optimisations and the choice of a specific search algorithm and its parameters is non-trivial, requiring domain-specific expertise. Here we describe BluePyOpt, a Python package targeted at the broad neuroscience community to simplify this task. BluePyOpt is an extensible framework for data-driven model parameter optimisation that wraps and standardises several existing open-source tools. It simplifies the task of creating and sharing these optimisations, and the associated techniques and knowledge. This is achieved by abstracting the optimisation and evaluation tasks into various reusable and flexible discrete elements according to established best-practices. Further, BluePyOpt provides methods for setting up both small- and large-scale optimisations on a variety of platforms, ranging from laptops to Linux clusters and cloud-based compute infrastructures. The versatility of the BluePyOpt framework is demonstrated by working through three representative neuroscience specific use cases	2016-01-01	Frontiers In Neuroinformatics
10.1002/advs.202470069	Fast-Response Variable-Stiffness Magnetic Catheters for Minimally Invasive Surgery	In minimally invasive surgery, such as cardiac ablation, magnetically steered catheters made of variable-stiffness materials can enable higher dexterity and higher force application to human tissue. However, the long transition time between soft and rigid states leads to a significant increase in procedure duration. Here, a fast-response, multisegmented catheter is described for minimally invasive surgery made of variable-stiffness thread (FRVST) that encapsulates a helical cooling channel. The rapid stiffness change in the FRVST, composed of a nontoxic shape memory polymer, is achieved by an active cooling system that pumps water through the helical channel. The FRVST displays a 66 times stiffness change and a 26 times transition enhancement compare with the noncooled version. The catheter allows for selective bending of each segment up to 127° in air and up to 76° in water under an 80 mT external magnetic field. The inner working channel can be used for cooling an ablation tip during a procedure and for information exchange via the deployment of wires or surgical tools.	2024-01-15	Advanced Science
10.1002/hlca.200490136	Non-iterative asymmetric synthesis of C-15 polyketide spiroketals	The 2,2'-methylenebis[furan] (1) was converted to 1-{(4R,6S))-6-[(2R)-2,4-dihydroxybutyl]-2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxan-4-yl}-3- [(2R,4R)-tetrahydro-4,6-dihydroxy-2H-pyran-2-yl)propan-2-one ((+)-18) and its (4S)-epimer (-)-19 with high stereo- and enantioselectivity (Schemes 1-3). Under acidic methanolysis, (+)-18 yielded a single spiroketal, (3R)-4-1(1R,3S,4'R,5R,6'S,7R)-3',4',5',6'-tetrahydro-4'-hydroxy-7-methox yspiro[2,6-dioxabicyclo[3.3.1]nonane-3,2'-[2H]pyran]-6'-yl]butane-1,3-di ol ((-)-20), in which both O-atoms at the spiro center reside in equatorial positions, this being due to the tricyclic nature of (-)-20 (methyl pyranoside formation). Compound (-)-19 was converted similarly into the (4'S)-epimeric tricyclic spiroketal (-)-21 that also adopts a similar (3S)-configuration and conformation. Spiroketals (-)-20, (-)-21 and analog (-)-23, i.e., (1R,3S,4'R,5R,6'R)-3',4',5',6'-tetrahydro-6'-[(2S)-2-hydroxybut-3-enyl]- 7-methoxyspiro[2,6-dioxabicyclo[3.3.1]nonane-3,2'-[2H]pyran]-4'-ol, derived from (-)-20, were assayed for their cytotoxicity toward marine P388 lymphocytic leukemia and six human cancer cell lines. Only racemic ()-21 showed evidence of cancer-cell-growth inhibition (P388, ED50: 6.9 mug/ml).	2004-01-01	Helvetica Chimica Acta
10.1016/j.geomphys.2015.07.023	Asymptotics of action variables near semi-toric singularities	The presence of focus-focus singularities in semi-toric integrables Hamiltonian systems is one of the reasons why there cannot exist global Action-Angle coordinates on such systems. At focus-focus critical points, the Liouville-Arnold-Mineur theorem does not apply. In particular, the affine structure of the image of the moment map around has non-trivial monodromy. In this article, we establish that the singular behavior and the multivaluedness of the Action integrals is given by a complex logarithm. This extends a previous result by San VU Ngoc to any dimension. We also calculate the monodromy matrix for these systems. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2015-01-01	Journal Of Geometry And Physics
10.1016/j.visres.2020.05.007	Non-retinotopic adaptive center-surround modulation in motion processing	The early visual system is organized retinotopically. However, under ecological viewing conditions, motion perception occurs in non-retinotopic coordinates. Even though many studies revealed the central role of nonretinotopic processes, very little is known about their mechanisms and neural correlates. Tadin and colleagues found that increasing the spatial size of a high-contrast drifting-Gabor deteriorates motion-direction discrimination, whereas the opposite occurs with a low-contrast stimulus. The results were proposed to reflect an adaptive center-surround antagonism, whereby at low-contrast the excitatory center dominates whereas at high-contrast suppressive-surround mechanisms become more effective. Because ecological vision is non-retinotopic, we tested the hypothesis that the non-retinotopic system also processes motion information by means of an adaptive center-surround mechanism. We used the Ternus-Pikler display designed to provide either a retinotopic or a non-retinotopic reference-frame. Our results suggest that the non-retinotopic processes underlying motion perception are also mediated by an adaptive center-surround mechanism.	2020-09-01	Vision Research
10.1109/TSIPN.2022.3156886	Reconstruction of Time-Varying Graph Signals via Sobolev Smoothness	Graph Signal Processing (GSP) is an emerging research field that extends the concepts of digital signal processing to graphs. GSP has numerous applications in different areas such as sensor networks, machine learning, and image processing. The sampling and reconstruction of static graph signals have played a central role in GSP. However, many real-world graph signals are inherently time-varying and the smoothness of the temporal differences of such graph signals may be used as a prior assumption. In the current work, we assume that the temporal differences of graph signals are smooth,and we introduce a novel algorithm based on the extension of a Sobolev smoothness function for the reconstruction of time-varying graph signals from discrete samples. We explore some theoretical aspects of the convergence rate of our Time-varying Graph signal Reconstruction via Sobolev Smoothness (Graph-TRSS) algorithm by studying the condition number of the Hessian associated with our optimization problem. Our algorithm has the advantage of converging faster than other methods that are based on Laplacian operators without requiring expensive eigenvalue decomposition or matrix inversions. The proposed Graph-TRSS is evaluated on several datasets including two COVID-19 datasets and it has outperformed many existing state-of-the-art methods for time-varying graph signal reconstruction. Graph-TRSS has also shown excellent performance on two environmental datasets for the recovery of particulate matter and sea surface temperature signals.	2022-01-01	Ieee Transactions On Signal And Information Processing Over Networks
10.1088/0029-5515/55/8/083010	Experiments on magneto-hydrodynamics instabilities with ECH/ECCD in FTU using a minimal real-time control system	Experiments on real time control of magneto-hydrodynamic (MHD) instabilities using injection of electron cyclotron waves (ECW) are being performed with a control system based on only three real time key items: an equilibrium estimator based on a statistical regression, a MHD instability marker (SVDH) using a three-dimensional array of pick-up coils and a fast ECW launcher able to poloidally steer the EC absorption volume with dρ/dt = 0.1/30 ms maximum radial speed. The MHD instability, usually a tearing mode with poloidal mode number m and toroidal mode number n such that m/n = 2/1 or 3/2 is deliberately induced either by neon gas injection or by a density ramp hitting the density limit. No diagnostics providing the radial localization of the instabilities have been used. The sensitivity of the used MHD marker allows to close the control loop solely on the effect of the actuator's action with little elaboration. The nature of the instability triggering mechanism in these plasma prevents that the stabilization lasts longer than the ECW pulse. However when the ECW power is switched on, the instability amplitude shows a marked sensitivity to the position of the absorption volume with an increase or decrease of its growth rate. Moreover the suppression of the dominant mode by ECRH performed at high plasma density even at relatively low power level facilitates the development of a secondary mode. This minimized set of control tools aim to explore some of the difficulties which can be expected in a fusion reactor where reduced diagnostic capabilities and reduced actuator flexibility can be expected. © 2015 EURATOM.	2015-01-01	Nuclear Fusion
10.1016/j.jcp.2020.110034	Entropic Fokker-Planck kinetic model	The diffusion limit of kinetic systems has been subject of numerous studies since prominent works of Lebowitz et al. [1] and van Kampen [2]. More recently, the topic has seen a fresh interest from the rarefied gas simulation perspective. In particular, Fokker Planck based kinetic models provide novel approximations of the Boltzmann equation, where the relaxation induced by binary collisions is modeled via continuous stochastic processes. Hence in contrast to direct simulation Monte-Carlo, computational particles follow seemingly independent stochastic paths. As a result, a significant computational gain at small/vanishing Knudsen numbers can be obtained, where the dynamics of particles is overwhelmed by collisions. The cubic Fokker-Planck equation derived by [3] gives rise to the correct viscosity and Prandtl number for monatomic gases in the hydrodynamic limit, and further accurate behavior at moderate Knudsen numbers. Yet the model lacks a rigorous structure and more crucially does not admit the H-theorem. The latter underpins its accuracy e.g. in predicting shock wave profiles. This study addresses bridging the gap between diffusion processes and the Boltzmann equation by introducing the Entropic-Fokker-Planck kinetic model. The drift-diffusion closures derived for the model, allow for an H-theorem besides honoring consistent relaxation of moments. The devised model is validated with respect to direct simulation Monte-Carlo for high-Mach as well as Couette flows. Good performance of the model together with its easy to compute coefficients, makes the Entropic-Fokker-Planck framework attractive for computational investigation of gases beyond equilibrium. (C) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.	2021-04-01	Journal of Computational Physics
10.1021/acsaem.1c02484	Nanoscale Growth Initiation as a Pathway to Improve the Earth-Abundant Absorber Zinc Phosphide	Growth approaches that limit the interface area between layers to nanoscale regions are emerging as a promising pathway to limit the interface defect formation due to mismatching lattice parameters or thermal expansion coefficient. Interfacial defect mitigation is of great interest in photovoltaics as it opens up more material combinations for use in devices. Herein, an overview of the vapor-liquid-solid and selective area epitaxy growth approaches applied to zinc phosphide (Zn3P2), an earth-abundant absorber material, is presented. First, we show how different morphologies, including nanowires, nanopyramids, and thin films, can be achieved by tuning the growth conditions and growth mechanisms. The growth conditions are also shown to greatly impact the defect structure and composition of the grown material, which can vary considerably from the ideal stoichiometry (Zn3P2). Finally, the functional properties are characterized. The direct band gap could accurately be determined at 1.50 +/- 0.1 eV, and through complementary density functional theory calculations, we can identify a range of higher-order band gap transitions observed through valence electron energy loss spectroscopy and cathodoluminescence. Furthermore, we outline the formation of rotated domains inside of the material, which are a potential origin of defect transitions that have been long observed in zinc phosphide but not yet explained. The basic understanding provided reinvigorates the potential use of earth-abundant II-V semiconductors in photovoltaic technology. Moreover, the transferrable nanoscale growth approaches have the potential to be applied to other material systems, as they mitigate the constraints of substrate-material combinations causing interface defects.	2022-05-23	Acs Applied Energy Materials
10.1016/j.apcatb.2013.04.020	Photocatalytic degradation of Remazol Brilliant Blue (R) by sol-gel derived carbon-doped TiO2	A simple, cheap and reproducible method to produce a C-doped TiO2 photocatalyst is presented, which can harvest visible light. This doped catalyst is able to degrade a stable organic dye molecule, Remazol Brilliant Blue (R) (RBB), under sunlight and visible light alone and its activity is compared to P25. XPS analysis clearly showed that carbon was introduced into the TiO2 lattice but at much lower doping levels than initially added during the synthesis. BET and diffuse reflectance spectroscopy indicated that the doped catalysts had larger surface area and improved light absorption in the visible region than P25. However, under full sunlight this did not translate into improved photocatalytic activity when compared to P25. Even though the UV cut-off sunlight spectrum permitted P25 to discolor RBB, no actual dye mineralization was observed by total organic carbon (TOC) analysis. In contrast, the doped catalyst did not only achieve discoloration of RBB but also removed 70% of organic carbon. This gives the doped catalyst a clear advantage to operate with visible light alone, which can be produced in a much more economical way, and may therefore reduce treatment costs of wastewater from textile and other industries using dyes. Among several reactive dyes, RBB was particularly found to be the most recalcitrant to discoloration with TiO2 and this study opens a way to address this issue. The photocatalytic mechanism is discussed. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2013-01-01	Applied Catalysis B-Environmental
10.1002/mrm.27381	Head motion measurement and correction using FID navigators	Purpose: To develop a novel framework for rapid, intrinsic head motion measurement in MRI using FID navigators (FIDnavs) from a multichannel head coil array.	2019-01-01	Magnetic Resonance In Medicine
10.1038/ncomms13945	Adsorbate-induced lattice deformation in IRMOF-74 series	IRMOF-74 analogues are among the most widely studied metal-organic frameworks ( MOFs) for adsorption applications because of their one-dimensional channels and high metal density. Most studies involving the IRMOF-74 series assume that the crystal lattice is rigid. This assumption guides the interpretation of experimental data, as changes in the crystal symmetry have so far been ignored as a possibility in the literature. Here, we report a deformation pattern, induced by the adsorption of argon, for IRMOF-74-V. This work has two main implications. First, we use molecular simulations to demonstrate that the IRMOF-74 series undergoes a deformation that is similar to the mechanism behind breathing MOFs, but is unique because the deformation pattern extends beyond a single unit cell of the original structure. Second, we provide an alternative interpretation of experimental small-angle X-ray scattering profiles of these systems, which changes how we view the fundamentals of adsorption in this MOF series.	2017-01-01	Nature Communications
10.1088/1748-0221/19/02/P02008	Momentum scale calibration of the LHCb spectrometer	For accurate determination of particle masses accurate knowledge of the momentum scale of the detectors is crucial. The procedure used to calibrate the momentum scale of the LHCb spectrometer is described and illustrated using the performance obtained with an integrated luminosity of 1.6 fb-1 collected during 2016 in pp running. The procedure uses large samples of J/qi -> mu+mu- and B+ -> J/qiK+ decays and leads to a relative accuracy of 3 x 10-4 on the momentum scale.	2024-02-01	Journal Of Instrumentation
10.1021/acs.langmuir.8b02208	Digestive-Ripening-Facilitated Nanoengineering of Diverse Bimetallic Nanostructures	From an ingenious methodology for obtaining monodispersity, digestive ripening has advanced to become an outstanding solution-based synthesis route to realizing various bimetallic heterostructures. This feature article attempts to provide an overview of the various facets of the codigestive ripening process and the array of heterostructures that could be achieved by this technique. We briefly discuss the mechanism of digestive ripening in the case of monometallic elements and use that understanding to elucidate the mechanism of the less well established codigestive ripening strategy for designing bimetallic nanostructures. The systems studied by our group in the past decade for the fabrication of diverse heterostructures are highlighted in this article. The exploitation of digestive ripening to realize monodisperse bimetallic nanostructures by several other groups is also featured. In addition to digestive ripening agents, the significance of tuning various reaction parameters and its consequences on the final structure and morphology have also been discussed. Additionally, efforts based on theoretical studies to gain insight into the factors which dominate the mechanism of the digestive ripening process have also been covered. This article is a contribution to the understanding of the codigestive ripening methodology and a demonstration of its tremendous potential in achieving the desired bimetallic heteronanostructures.	2019-05-21	Langmuir
10.1016/j.fusengdes.2018.08.019	Model-based real-time power flux estimator for the ITER first wall	The actively cooled technology used for the plasma facing components demands monitoring and control of heat flux on ITER first wall (FW) panels. Intense heat loads are predicted on the FW, even well before the burning plasma phase. Thus, a real-time (RT) FW heat load control system is mandatory from early plasma operation of the ITER tokamak. As a first step into this development, the paper presents a control oriented model, based on the RT equilibrium reconstruction for the ITER plasma control system. The paper discusses the model based approach and reports the Matlab/Simulink implementation of the algorithm. Key aspects of system integration and testing are reported, leading to the verification of the system in a RT environment.	2018-12-01	Fusion Engineering And Design
10.1137/090752638	Fractional Brownian Vector Fields	This work puts forward an extended definition of vector fractional Brownian motion (fBm) using a distribution theoretic formulation in the spirit of Gel′fand and Vilenkin's stochastic analysis. We introduce random vector fields that share the statistical invariances of standard vector fBm (self-similarity and rotation invariance) but which, in contrast, have dependent vector components in the general case. These random vector fields result from the transformation of white noise by a special operator whose invariance properties the random field inherits. The said operator combines an inverse fractional Laplacian with a Helmholtz-like decomposition and weighted recombination. Classical fBm's can be obtained by balancing the weights of the Helmholtz components. The introduced random fields exhibit several important properties that are discussed in this paper. In addition, the proposed scheme yields a natural extension of the definition to Hurst exponents greater than one.	2010-01-01	Multiscale Modeling & Simulation
10.1093/rfs/hhu015	The Swaption Cube	We infer conditional swap rate moments model independently from swaption cubes. Conditional volatility and skewness exhibit systematic variation across swap maturities and option expiries (conditional kurtosis less so), with conditional skewness sometimes changing sign. Conditional skewness displays some relation to the level and volatility of swap rates but is most consistently related to the conditional correlation between swap rates and swap rate variances. From realized excess returns on synthetic variance and skewness swap contracts, we infer that variance and (to a lesser extent) skewness risk premia are negative and time varying. For the most part, results hold true in both the USD and EUR markets and in both precrisis and crisis subsamples. We design and estimate a dynamic term structure model that captures much of the dynamics of conditional swap rate moments.	2014-01-01	Review Of Financial Studies
10.1088/1741-4326/abdb93	Parallel convection and E × B drifts in the TCV snowflake divertor and their effects on target heat-fluxes	Parallel convection and E × B drifts act together to redistribute heat between the strike-points mechanisms is enhanced near the secondary X-point and is shown to dominate over heat in the low field side snowflake minus (LFS SF−). The cumulative heat convection from both conduction, partly explaining why the LFS SF− distributes power more evenly than the single null (SN) or other snowflake (SF) configurations. Pressure profiles at the entrance of the divertor are strongly affected by the position of the secondary X-point and magnetic field between the outer-midplane (OMP) and the divertor entrance enhancing the role of parallel direction indicating the importance of E × B drifts. Pressure drops of up to 50% appear heat convection. The electron temperature and density profiles and the radial turbulent fluxes measured at the OMP are largely unaffected by the changes in divertor geometry, even on flux surfaces where the connection length is infinite.	2021-03-02	Nuclear Fusion
10.1063/1.5123800	Semiclassical analysis of the quantum instanton approximation	We explore the relation between the quantum and semiclassical instanton approximations for the reaction rate constant. From the quantum instanton expression, we analyze the contributions to the rate constant in terms of minimum-action paths and find that two such paths dominate the expression. For symmetric barriers, these two paths join together to describe the semiclassical instanton periodic orbit. However, for asymmetric barriers, one of the two paths takes an unphysically low energy and dominates the expression, leading to order-of-magnitude errors in the rate predictions. Nevertheless, semiclassical instanton theory remains accurate. We conclude that semiclassical instanton theory can be obtained directly from the semiclassical limit of the quantum instanton for symmetric systems. We suggest a modification of the quantum instanton approach which avoids sampling the spurious path and thus has a stronger connection to semiclassical instanton theory, giving numerically accurate predictions even for very asymmetric systems in the low temperature limit.	2019-10-11	The Journal of Chemical Physics
10.1239/aap/1324045703	Asymptotic Inference For Partially Observed Branching Processes	We consider the problem of estimation in a partially observed discrete-time Galton-Watson branching process, focusing on the first two moments of the offspring distribution. Our study is motivated by modelling the counts of new cases at the onset of a stochastic epidemic, allowing for the facts that only a part of the cases is detected, and that the detection mechanism may affect the evolution of the epidemic. In this setting, the offspring mean is closely related to the spreading potential of the disease, while the second moment is connected to the variability of the mean estimators. Inference for branching processes is known for its nonstandard characteristics, as compared with classical inference. When, in addition, the true process cannot be directly observed, the problem of inference suffers significant further perturbations. We propose nonparametric estimators related to those used when the underlying process is fully observed, but suitably modified to take into account the intricate dependence structure induced by the partial observation and the interaction scheme. We show consistency, derive the limiting laws of the estimators, and construct asymptotic confidence intervals, all valid conditionally on the explosion set.	2011-01-01	Advances In Applied Probability
10.1103/PhysRevE.102.030101	Fluctuation relations for systems in a constant magnetic field	The validity of the fluctuation relations (FRs) for systems in a constant magnetic field is investigated. Recently introduced time-reversal symmetries that hold in the presence of static electric and magnetic fields and of deterministic thermostats are used to prove the transient FRs without invoking, as commonly done, inversion of the magnetic field. Steady-state FRs are also derived, under the t-mixing condition. These results extend the predictive power of important statistical mechanics relations. We illustrate this via the nonlinear response for the cumulants of the dissipation, showing how the alternative FRs enable one to determine analytically null cumulants also for systems in a single magnetic field.	2020-09-09	Physical Review E
10.1016/j.snb.2020.128996	Newly designed gel-integrated nanostructured gold-based interconnected microelectrode arrays for continuous in situ arsenite monitoring in aquatic systems	This work presents the development, characterization and field validation of newly designed gel-integrated nanostructured gold-basedmicroelectrode arrays (Au-GIMEs) enabling the direct detection of inorganic arsenite (As(III)) in fresh and marine aquatic systems. They consist of renewable Au nanoparticles (AuNP) or Au nanofilaments (AuNF) electroplated on 100- to 500- interconnected iridium (Ir)-based microdisk arrays and covered with a gel. The gel protects the sensor surface from fouling and ensures that mass transport of analytes toward the sensor surface is by diffusion only, and therefore independent of the ill-controlled hydrodynamic conditions of the media. The responses of these sensors to direct Square Wave Anodic Stripping Voltammetry (SWASV) quantification of As(III) at pH 7.6 were investigated first in 0.1 M NaNO3, then in fresh and marine water samples. The analytical responses were found to be correlated to the number of interconnected microelectrodes and the morphology of the nanostructured Au deposits but independent of the media composition. The new interconnected AuNF-GIME have sub-nanomolar detection and quantification limits fulfilling the requirement for direct monitoring of As(III) in fresh and marine aquatic systems. The AuNF-GIME were incorporated in a submersible multi-channel trace metal sensing probe for remote high-resolution monitoring. Field evaluation and validation was performed during a one-week field study in the Elbe Estuary (North Germany), from which environmental data are presented.	2021-02-01	Sensors And Actuators B-Chemical
10.1021/acs.jpclett.7b00699	Electronic Levels of Excess Electrons in Liquid Water	We provide a consistent description of the electronic levels associated with localized and delocalized excess electrons in liquid water by combining hybrid-functional molecular dynamics simulations with a grand canonical formulation of solutes in aqueous solution. The excess electron localizes in a cavity with an average radius of 1.8 angstrom and a majority coordination of five water molecules. The vertical binding energy, the optical s p transitions, and the adiabatic redox level are found to agree closely with their experimental counterparts. The energy level associated with electron delocalization V-0 is inferred to lie at -0.97 eV with respect to the vacuum level.	2017-01-01	Journal Of Physical Chemistry Letters
10.1053/j.gastro.2007.11.003	Notch signaling is required for exocrine regeneration after acute pancreatitis	BACKGROUND & AIMS: The mechanisms for tissue regeneration and renewal after acute pancreatitis are not well understood but may involve activation of Notch signaling. To study the effect of Notch signaling ablation during acute experimental pancreatitis, we used a chemical and genetic approach to ablate Notch signaling in cerulein-induced pancreatitis in mice. METHODS: Acute pancreatitis was induced by cerulein treatment in mice treated with the gamma-secretase inhibitor dibenzazepine or in conditional Notch1 knockout mice. Mice were characterized using immunohistologic, biochemical, and molecular methods. To investigate Notch and beta-catenin interaction, acinar 266-6 cells were analyzed using transfection and biochemical assays. RESULTS: Loss of Notch signaling results in impaired regeneration after acute pancreatitis with fewer mature acinar cells in dibenzazepine-treated and Notch1-deficient mice in the regenerative phase 3 days after induction. beta-catenin expression was increased and prolonged during exocrine regeneration. Crosstalk between Notch and beta-catenin-mediated signaling was identified, with Notch1-IC inhibiting beta-catenin-mediated transcriptional activity. This inhibition was dependent on a functional RAM domain. CONCLUSIONS: Inhibition of Notch signaling in vivo leads to impaired regeneration of the exocrine pancreas after acute pancreatitis. Our results suggest an interaction of Notch and Wnt signaling in pancreatic acinar cells, providing evidence for a role of these pathways in the regulation of the maturation process of acinar cells.	2008-01-01	Gastroenterology
10.1109/Tac.2015.2461811	MPC for Tracking Periodic References	In this technical note, a new model predictive controller for tracking arbitrary periodic references is presented. The proposed controller is based on a single layer that unites dynamic trajectory planning and control. A design procedure to guarantee that the closed loop system converges asymptotically to the optimal admissible periodic trajectory while guaranteeing constraint satisfaction is provided. In addition, the constraints of the optimization problem solved by the controller do not depend on the reference, allowing for sudden changes in the reference without loosing feasibility. The properties of the proposed controller are demonstrated with a simulation example of a ball and plate system.	2016-01-01	IEEE Transactions On Automatic Control
10.1002/j.2161-4296.2008.tb00428.x	Improvement of Orientation Estimation in Pedestrian Navigation by Compensation of Magnetic Disturbances	Over the last few years there has been a growing interest in the domain of pedestrian navigation, stimulated by the increasing demand for Location Based Services. Pedestrian Dead Reckoning (PDR) based on MEMS sensors has been at the heart of most high-end hybrid solutions devised up to now. In PDR mode, the positioning accuracy is shaped by the individual accuracies in step length and azimuth estimation. This paper will focus on how to improve the latter. Measurements from three single axis MEMS gyroscopes, accelerometers, and magnetometers are merged in an Adaptive Extended Kalman Filter to estimate the absolute orientation of a pedestrian. Enhanced performance is accomplished by the online calibration of the gyroscope and accelerometer biases and through the compensation of magnetic perturbations that disturb the magnetometer measurements. Details of this orientation algorithm and assessment of its effectiveness under different testing conditions are presented in this paper.	2008-01-01	Navigation
10.1016/j.vaccine.2020.05.082	Keep calm and carry on vaccinating: Is anti-vaccination sentiment contributing to declining vaccine coverage in England?	Background: In England, coverage for childhood vaccines have decreased since 2012/13 in the context of an increasingly visible anti-vaccination discourse. We determined whether anti-vaccination sentiment is the likely cause of this decline in coverage. Methods: Descriptive study triangulating a range of data sources (vaccine coverage, cross-sectional survey of attitudes towards vaccination, UK-specific Twitter social media) and assessing them against the following Bradford Hill criteria: strength of association, consistency, specificity, temporality, biological gradient and coherence. Results: Strength of association: compared with well-documented vaccine scares, the decline in childhood vaccination seen since 2012/13 is 4-20 times smaller;consistency: while coverage for completed courses of the hexavalent and meningococcal vaccines decreased by 0.5-1.2 percentage points (pp) between 2017 and 2019, coverage for the first dose of these vaccines increased 0.5-0.7 pp; specificity: Since 2012-13, coverage decreased for some vaccines (hexavalent, MMR, HPV, shingles) and increased for others (MenACWY, Td/IPV, antenatal pertussis, influenza in 2 years of children), with no agespecific patterns. Temporality and biological gradient: the decline in vaccine coverage was preceded by an increase in vaccine confidence and a decrease in the proportion of parents encountering antivaccination materials. Coherence: attitudes towards vaccination expressed on Twitter in the UK became increasingly positive between 2017 and 2019 as vaccine coverage for childhood vaccines decreased. Conclusions: In England, trends in vaccine coverage between 2012/13 and 2018/19 were not homogenous and varied in magnitude and direction according to vaccine, dose and region. In addition, confidence in vaccines increased during the same period. These findings are not compatible with anti-vaccination sentiment causing a decline in vaccine coverage In England. (C) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.	2020-07-14	Vaccine
10.1063/10.0019694	Peculiarities of electron transport and resistive switching in point contacts on TiSe2, TiSeS, and CuxTiSe2	Compound TiSe2 has received much attention among the transition metal chalcogenides because of its thrilling physical properties concerning atypical resistivity behavior, the emergence of charge density wave (CDW) state, induced superconductivity, etc. Here, we report the discovery of a new feature of TiSe2, namely, the observation of resistive switching in voltage biased point contacts (PCs) based on TiSe2 and its derivatives doped by S and Cu (TiSeS, CuxTiSe2). The switching occurs between a low resistive mainly "metallic-type" state and a high resistive "semiconducting-type" state when a bias voltage is applied (usually < 0.5 V), and reverse switching occurs when a voltage of opposite polarity is applied (usually < 0.5 V). The difference in resistance between these two states can reach up to two orders of magnitude at room temperature. The origin of this effect can be attributed to the variation of stoichiometry in the PC core due to the drift/displacement of Se/Ti vacancies under a high electric field. Additionally, we demonstrated that heating occurs in the PC core, which can facilitate the electric field-induced effect. At the same time, we did not find any evidence for CDW spectral features in our PC spectra for TiSe2. The observed resistive switching allows proposing TiSe2 and their derivatives as promising materials, e.g., for non-volatile resistive random access memory (ReRAM) engineering.	2023-07-01	Low Temperature Physics
10.1103/PhysRevLett.111.125005	Generation of Whistler-Wave Heated Discharges with Planar Resonant rf Networks	Magnetized plasma discharges generated by a planar resonant rf network are investigated. A regime transition is observed above a magnetic field threshold, associated with rf waves propagating in the plasma and which present the characteristics of whistler waves. These wave heated regimes can be considered as analogous to conventional helicon discharges, but in planar geometry.	2013-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1039/c2cc35597c	Towards high-performance DPP-based sensitizers for DSC applications	A novel, asymmetric DPP bridge/core was synthesized and tested in DSC devices. By desymmetrising the DPP core/bridge, a remarkable IPCE of >80% and a maximum power conversion efficiency of 7.7% were achieved. With the use of a wide-bandgap co-sensitizer, 8.6% PCE was realized under standard AM1.5G sunlight.	2012-01-01	Chemical Communications
10.1016/j.trb.2019.10.004	Dynamic prediction-based relocation policies in one-way station-based carsharing systems with complete journey reservations	In this paper, we study the operations of a one-way station-based carsharing system implementing a complete journey reservation policy. We consider the percentage of served demand as a primary performance measure and analyze the effect of several dynamic staff-based relocation policies. Specifically, we introduce a new proactive relocation policy based on Markov chain dynamics that utilizes reservation information to better predict the future states of the stations. This policy is compared to a state-of-the art staff-based relocation policy and a centralistic relocation model assuming full knowledge of the demand. Numerical results from a real-world implementation and a simulation analysis demonstrate the positive impact of dynamic relocations and highlight the improvement in performance obtained with the proposed proactive relocation policy. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2019-12-01	Transportation Research Part B-Methodological
10.1093/gji/ggu045	Effect of Fe-enrichment on seismic properties of perovskite and post-perovskite in the deep lower mantle	Recent experimental measurements of the equation of state of perovskites and post-perovskites in the (Mg,Fe)SiO3 and (Mg,Fe,Al)(Fe,Al,Si)O-3 systems over a wide range of iron contents are used to constrain the effects of Fe and Al on density and bulk modulus of these phases at deep mantle pressures. The density of Fe-bearing perovskite follows a linear relationship with Fe-content at a representative mid-mantle depth of 1850 km (80 GPa): (80) (g cm(- 3)) = 5.054(1) + 1.270(3)X-Fe. The bulk modulus of silicate perovskite is not sensitive to Fe-content and follows the relationship, K-80 (GPa) = 546(2) + 12(25)X-Fe. The velocity heterogeneity parameter, partial derivative ln V-B/partial derivative X-Fe, determined by experimental values for the bulk sound speed is 0.10(1), in agreement with theory and the behaviour of other Fe-bearing silicates. Near the core-mantle boundary, Fe-rich post-perovskite is observed to be more compressible than the Mg-end-member, in contrast to theoretical predictions. From experimental data, the densities of perovskite and post-perovskite at 125 GPa (2700 km depth) are (125,Pv) (g cm(-3)) = 5.426(11) + 1.38(4)X-Fe and (125,pPv) (g cm(-3)) = 5.548(1) + 1.41(3)X-Fe. The density contrast across the post-perovskite transition is similar to 2 per cent, irrespective of Fe-content, but the contrast in bulk sound speed increases with Fe-content. Al-rich silicates exhibit no significant differences in density or compressibility relative to Al-free silicates, but may be responsible for seismic heterogeneities due to differences in the depth and width of the post-perovskite transition. Observations of increased densities in large low shear velocity provinces and ultra-low-velocity zones may be consistent with local iron enrichment from Mg#90 to Mg# 78-88 and Mg# < 50, respectively.	2014-01-01	Geophysical Journal International
10.1021/acs.jmedchem.9b00942	Inhibition Mechanisms of Indoleamine 2,3-Dioxygenase 1 (IDO1)	Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) catalyzes the rate-limiting step in the kynurenine pathway of tryptophan metabolism, which is involved in immunity, neuronal function, and aging. Its implication in pathologies such as cancer and neurodegenerative diseases has stimulated the development of IDO1 inhibitors. However, negative phase III clinical trial results of the IDO1 inhibitor epacadostat in cancer immunotherapy call for a better understanding of the role and the mechanisms of IDO1 inhibition. In this work, we investigate the molecular inhibition mechanisms of four known IDOL inhibitors and of two quinones in detail, using different experimental and computational approaches. We also determine for the first time the X-ray structure of the highly efficient 1,2,3-triazole inhibitor MMG-0358. Based on our results and a comprehensive literature overview, we propose a classification scheme for IDO1 inhibitors according to their inhibition mechanism, which will be useful for futher developments in the field.	2019-10-10	Journal Of Medicinal Chemistry
10.1038/Nphys2652	Fractional spinon excitations in the quantum Heisenberg antiferromagnetic chain	One of the simplest quantum many-body systems is the spin-1/2 Heisenberg antiferromagnetic chain, a linear array of interacting magnetic moments. Its exact ground state is a macroscopic singlet entangling all spins in the chain. Its elementary excitations, called spinons, are fractional spin-1/2 quasiparticles created and detected in pairs by neutron scattering. Theoretical predictions show that two-spinon states exhaust only 71% of the spectral weight and higher-order spinon states, yet to be experimentally located, are predicted to participate in the remaining. Here, by accurate absolute normalization of our inelastic neutron scattering data on a spin-1/2 Heisenberg antiferromagnetic chain compound, we account for the full spectral weight to within 99(8)%. Our data thus establish and quantify the existence of higher-order spinon states. The observation that, within error bars, the experimental line shape resembles a rescaled two-spinon one with similar boundaries allows us to develop a simple picture for understanding multi-spinon excitations.	2013-01-01	Nature Physics
10.1016/j.jinorgbio.2021.111399	Automatic evaluation of cyclooxygenase 2 inhibition induced by metal-based anticancer compounds	An automatic methodology based on micro sequential injection analysis coupled to a lab-on-valve system (termed ?SIA-LOV) was developed and used to determine the ability of metal-based anticancer compounds to inhibit cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2) activity. COX-2 may be involved in pathogenesis of cancer and it is overexpressed in several types of solid tumors. Since platinum-based compounds are extensively used in the treatment of cancer, and ruthenium compounds are considered as promising candidates for next generation of non-targeted anticancer drugs, it is interesting to establish whether COX-2 inhibition is relevant to their mode of action. The ?SIA-LOV system was optimized and the IC50 values of each compound were calculated. All the results present RSD values less than 2.5%. IC50 values of 9.7 ? 0.6 ?M to 207 ? 3 ?M were obtained, with the most active inhibitor for COX-2 being rofecoxib with the metal compounds exhibiting IC50 values in the range 13.7 ? 1.6 to 207 ? 3. The results obtained in this work provide significant information about the mechanism of the studied compounds, mostly ruthenium-based compounds, and the role of COX-2 in their mode of action. Moreover, this work confirmed the potential of the ?SIA-LOV system as a simple, versatile, robust, and rapid analytical tool for automating the determination of IC50 values of metal-based compounds.	2021-05-01	Journal Of Inorganic Biochemistry
10.1039/d1lc00296a	Antimicrobial susceptibility testing by measuring bacterial oxygen consumption on an integrated platform	Cellular respiration is a fundamental feature of metabolic activity and oxygen consumption can be considered as a reliable indicator of bacterial aerobic respiration, including for facultative anaerobic bacteria like E. coli. Addressing the emerging global health challenge of antimicrobial resistance, we performed antimicrobial susceptibility testing using the bacterial oxygen consumption rate (OCR) as a phenotypic indicator. We demonstrated that microbial exposure to antibiotics showed systematic OCR variations, which enabled determining minimum inhibitory concentrations for three clinically relevant antibiotics, ampicillin, ciprofloxacin, and gentamicin, within a few hours. Our study was performed by using photoluminescence-based oxygen sensing in a microchamber format, which enabled reducing the sample volume to a few hundred microliters. OCR modeling based on exponential bacterial growth allowed estimating the bacterial doubling time for various culture conditions (different types of media, different culture temperature and antibiotic concentrations). Furthermore, correlating metabolic heat production data, as obtained by nanocalorimetry in the same type of microchamber, and OCR measurements provided further insight on the actual metabolic state and activity of a microbial sample. This approach represents a new path towards more comprehensive microbiological studies performed on integrated miniaturized systems.	2021-07-16	Lab On A Chip
10.1016/j.energy.2017.06.002	An integrated approach to design site specific distributed electrical hubs combining optimization, multi-criterion assessment and decision making	An integrated approach is presented in this study to design electrical hubs combining optimization, multi-criterion assessment and decision making. Levelized Energy Cost (LEC), Initial Capital Cost (ICC), Grid Integration Level (GI), Levelized CO2 emission (LCO2), utilization of renewable energy, flexibility of the system, loss of load probability (LOLP) are considered as criteria used to assess the design. The novel approach consists of several steps. Pareto analysis is conducted initially using 2D Pareto fronts to reduce the dimensions of the optimization problem. Subsequently, Pareto multi objective optimization is conducted considering LEC, GI and ICC which were identified as the best set of objective functions to represent the design requirements. Next, fuzzy TOPSIS and level diagrams are used for multi-criterion decision making (MCDM) considering the set of criteria and the boundary matrix that represents the design requirements of the application. Pareto analysis shows that 5D optimization problem can be reduced to a 3D optimization problem when considering LEC, ICC and GI as the objective functions. Finally, results obtained from the case study shows that the novel method can be used design distributed energy systems considering a set of criteria which is beyond the reach of Pareto optimization with different priority levels.	2017-01-01	Energy
10.1161/01.RES.0000226497.52052.2a	Induction of cardiogenesis in embryonic stem cells via downregulation of Notch1 signaling	Embryonic stem cells represent an attractive source of cardiomyocytes for cell-replacement therapies. However, before embryonic stem cells can be successfully used for the treatment of cardiac diseases, the precise molecular mechanisms that underlie their cardiogenic differentiation must be identified. A network of intrinsic and extrinsic factors regulates embryonic stem cell self-renewal and differentiation into a variety of different cell lineages. Here, we show that Notch signaling takes place in some but not all embryonic stem cells and that the Notch pathway is shut down during the course of differentiation concomitantly with downregulation of Notch receptor and ligand expression. Moreover, gain- and loss-of-function experiments for Notch signaling components show that this pathway is a crucial regulator of cardiomyocyte differentiation within ES cells. Differentiation of ES cells into cardiomyocytes is favored by inactivation of the Notch1 receptor, whereas endogenous Notch signaling promotes differentiation of ES cells into the neuronal lineage. We conclude that Notch signaling influences the cell fate decision between mesodermal and the neuroectodermal cell fates during embryonic stem cell differentiation. These findings should help to optimize the production of specific cell types via modulation of the Notch pathways and, in particular, to improve the production of embryonic stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes.	2006-01-01	Circulation Research
10.1021/bi981812z	Ligand binding to the serotonin 5HT3 receptor studied with a novel fluorescent ligand	The thermodn. and kinetics of ligand binding to the purified serotonin 5HT3 receptor and the local environment of the bound ligand were studied by fluorescence spectroscopy using a novel fluorescein-labeled ligand GR-flu [1,2,3,9-tetrahydro-3-[(5-methyl-1H-imidazol-4-yl)methyl]-9-(3-amino-(N-fluorescein-thiocarbamoyl)-propyl)-4H-carbazol-4-one]. Electrophysiol. investigations demonstrated GR-flu to be an antagonist, and radioligand competition assays delivered a dissocn. const. of 0.32 nM. Changes in the fluorescence intensity and anisotropy upon specific binding to the receptor yielded dissocn. consts. of .apprx.0.2 nM. Fluorescence measurements showed that selective 5HT3 receptor ligands competed for GR-flu binding with a rank order of potency identical to that established with the radioligand [3H]-GR65630. The kinetics of GR-flu binding to the 5HT3 receptor revealed a bimol. assocn. process with an on-rate const. of 1.17*106 s-1 M-1 and a biphasic dissocn. reaction with off-rate consts. of 275*10-6 and 43*10-6 s-1. The temp. dependence of the dissocn. const. yielded an enthalpic term of -26 kJ mol-1 and an entropic term of 94 J K-1 mol-1 for the binding of GR-flu to the receptor, indicating that both quantities contribute equally to the reaction. An activation enthalpy DH#on and entropy DS#on of binding of 50 kJ mol-1 and 43 J mol-1 K-1 were obtained, indicating that the entropy facilitates the initial steps of GR-flu binding to the 5HT3 receptor. The fluorescence anisotropy of receptor-bound GR-flu and the environmental sensitivity of the fluorescent probe suggest that the binding site has a wide entrance and that it is 0.8 pH unit more acidic than the bulk soln. [on SciFinder (R)]	1998-01-01	Biochemistry
10.1007/Jhep05(2015)109	Measurement of forward Z -> e(+)e(-) production at root s=8 TeV	A measurement of the cross-section for Z-boson production in the forward region of pp collisions at 8 TeV centre-of-mass energy is presented. The measurement is based on a sample of Z -> e(+)e(-) decays reconstructed using the LHCb detector, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 2.0 fb(-1). The acceptance is defined by the requirements 2.0 < eta < 4.5 and p(T) > 20 GeV for the pseudorapidities and transverse momenta of the leptons. Their invariant mass is required to lie in the range 60-120 GeV. The cross-section is determined to be sigma(pp -> Z -> e(+)e(-)) = 93.81 +/- 0.41(stat) +/- 1.48(syst) +/- 1.14(lumi) pb, where the first uncertainty is statistical and the second reflects all systematic effects apart from that arising from the luminosity, which is given as the third uncertainty. Differential cross-sections are presented as functions of the Z-boson rapidity and of the angular variable phi*, which is related to the Z-boson transverse momentum.	2015-01-01	Journal of High Energy Physics
10.1016/j.addlet.2023.100139	Effect of HfO2 dispersoids on the microstructure of a Ni-Cr-Al-Ti superalloy processed by laser-based powder-bed fusion	The effects of 1 wt% HfO2 nano-dispersoid addition on the microstructure of a high -y' Ni-8.5Cr-5.5Al-1Ti (wt%) model superalloy are investigated after manufacturing via laser-based powder-bed fusion (PBF-LB). Despite their very high melting point, HfO2 dispersoids are not fully stable during their short stay in the melt pool. At the nanoscale, the superalloy grains contain various Hf-Al-O-, Hf -O-and Hf-S-rich nano-dispersoids, as well as y' L12-Ni3Hf nano-precipitates, reflecting reaction of HfO2 dispersoids in the melt. At the meso -scale, Hf-Al-O-rich slag inclusions are embedded in the metallic matrix, exhibiting a two-phase HfO2-Al2O3 eutectic structure. At the macroscale, millimeter-long cracks form at the boundaries of the elongated, highly (100) textured grains, indicative of solidification cracking. The critical role of Al and O in the superalloy melt in reacting with oxide nano-dispersoids during PBF-LB manufacturing, previously reported for Y2O3 nano-dispersoids, is observed to occur here for HfO2 dispersoids as well, despite their higher stability, melting point and density and their lack of reactivity with Al2O3.	2023-07-01	Additive Manufacturing Letters
10.1002/solr.202100583	Long-Term Performance and Shade Detection in Building Integrated Photovoltaic Systems	Building integrated photovoltaics (BIPV) operate in a unique environment compared with field-mounted systems and may experience elevated temperatures and recurrent or persistent shading. These stresses are expected to accelerate degradation, but there are few performance reports for true BIPV systems as defined in IEC 63092-1. Herein, the long-term performance (over 5-10 years) of 55 BIPV systems in Switzerland is reported. Using a year-on-year (YOY) performance loss rate (PLR) analysis, the median degradation rate of all systems together (fleet-wide) is determined to be 0.06% per year (i.e., essentially no degradation), though there is a large spread of rates. Visual inspection of the systems indicated that some are shaded at times, so a fault detection and diagnosis algorithm (FDDA) is developed to estimate the shading severity of the systems using their daily production profiles. The fraction of time in shading fault presents a linear trend for the upper limit of PLRs, though by itself it is not a strong predictor of system performance. On average, the degree of shading is found to increase in newer systems, and decrease in larger capacity systems. These results highlight the importance of alleviating shading stresses through innovative BIPV module and system design.	2021-10-17	Solar Rrl
10.1016/j.nima.2019.162561	AMS-100: The next generation magnetic spectrometer in space - An international science platform for physics and astrophysics at Lagrange point 2	The next generation magnetic spectrometer in space, AMS-100, is designed to have a geometrical acceptance of 100 m(2) sr and to be operated for at least ten years at the Sun-Earth Lagrange Point 2. Compared to existing experiments, it will improve the sensitivity for the observation of new phenomena in cosmic rays, and in particular in cosmic antimatter, by at least a factor of 1000. The magnet design is based on high temperature superconductor tapes, which allow the construction of a thin solenoid with a homogeneous magnetic field of 1 Tesla inside. The inner volume is instrumented with a silicon tracker reaching a maximum detectable rigidity of 100 TV and a calorimeter system that is 70 radiation lengths deep, equivalent to four nuclear interaction lengths, which extends the energy reach for cosmic-ray nuclei up to the PeV scale, i.e. beyond the cosmic-ray knee. Covering most of the sky continuously, AMS-100 will detect high-energy gamma-rays in the calorimeter system and by pair conversion in the thin solenoid, reconstructed with excellent angular resolution in the silicon tracker.	2019-11-11	Nuclear Instruments & Methods In Physics Research Section A-Accelerators Spectrometers Detectors And Associated Equipment
10.1039/d2cc06525h	Controlling DNA nanodevices with light-switchable buffers	Control over synthetic DNA-based nanodevices can be achieved with a variety of physical and chemical stimuli. Actuation with light, however, is as advantageous as difficult to implement without modifying DNA strands with photo-switchable groups. Herein, we show that DNA nanodevices can be controlled using visible light in photo-switchable aqueous buffer solutions in a reversible and highly programmable fashion. The strategy presented here is non-invasive and allows the remote control with visible light of complex operations of DNA-based nanodevices such as the reversible release/loading of cargo molecules.	2023-02-02	Chemical Communications
10.4028/www.scientific.net/SSP.188.244	Effects of Thermal Losses on the Heating of a Multifunctional LTCC Module for Atomic Clock Packaging	An innovative multifunctional LTCC module has been designed for miniature atomic clock packaging. The components of miniature atomic clocks need to be efficiently packaged and connected to each other, and a precise temperature control is required for them. The great advantage of using LTCC technology for this application is that it allows the integration of different functions, such as heaters and PTC resistor for temperature measurement and control, and optionally other active elements. In this research, a platform for measuring the thermal conductivity of materials has been developed in order to perform precise thermal studies on the packaging. The relationship between achieved temperature and power dissipated for the heating of the LTCC module has been calculated in different experimental configurations, in order to determine the effects of conduction and convection on the heating and estimate the thermal losses that they introduce into the system.	2012-01-01	Solid State Phenomena
10.1016/j.mtla.2021.101066	Characterization of untransformed ferrite in 10Cr and 12Cr ODS steels	Two new ferrito-martensitic oxide dispersion strengthened (ODS) steels reinforced with (Y, Ti, O) nanoparticles were elaborated using a high-energy attritor. The milled powder was consolidated by hot extrusion at 1050 degrees C. The two types of ODS steels differ by chromium content, with 10 wt% Cr and 12 wt% Cr respectively. According to thermodynamic calculations, those grades are supposed to exhibit an austenitic transformation at high temperatures. X-ray diffraction (XRD) above austenitic temperature transformation reveals the presence of both ferrite and austenite phase. This unexpected ferrite phase is assumed to be untransformed low temperature ferrite. The alpha -> gamma phase transformation specific enthalpy is monitored by differential scanning calorimetry (DSC). The untransformed ferrite fraction is calculated using dilatometric data and confirmed by electron backscatter diffraction (EBSD) microstructural analysis. The quenched samples from the austenitic domain give an image of the high-temperature partitioning. EBSD maps reveal two distinct elementary microstructures, one martensitic inherited from austenite and the other corresponds to the untransformed ferrite. This untransformed ferrite keeps the crystallographic alpha-fiber conferred by hot-extrusion. The 10 Cr ODS has equiaxed untransformed ferrite areas. In contrast, the untransformed ferrite into 12 Cr ODS is distributed as elongated areas, parallel to the hot-extrusion direction. Moreover, electron probe micro analyzer (EPMA) mapping exhibits chromium content gradients, consistent with phase partitioning at high temperatures. Creep properties are evaluated at 650 degrees C for both grades. Small-angle X-rays scattering (SAXS) shows a similar size and distribution of the oxide particles in both grades.	2021-05-01	Materialia
10.1039/c9sm02228g	Filamentous and step-like behavior of gelling coarse fibrin networks revealed by high-frequency microrheology	By a micro-experimental methodology, we study the ongoing molecular process inside coarse fibrin networks by means of microrheology. We made these networks gelate around a probe microbead, allowing us to observe a temporal evolution compatible with the well-known molecular formation of fibrin networks in four steps: monomer, protofibril, fiber and network. Thanks to the access that optical-trapping interferometry provides to the short-time scale on the bead's Brownian motion, we observe a Kelvin-Voigt mechanical behavior from low to high frequencies, range not available in conventional rheometry. We exploit that mechanical model for obtaining the characteristic lengths of the filamentous structures composing these fibrin networks, whose obtained values are compatible with a non-affine behavior characterized by bending modes. At very long gelation times, a omega (7/8) power-law is observed in the loss modulus, theoretically related with the longitudinal response of the molecular structures.	2020-05-07	Soft Matter
10.1021/nl201792r	High-Efficiency Dye-Sensitized Solar Cell with Three-Dimensional Photoanode	Herein, we present a straightforward bottom-up synthesis of a high electron mobility and highly light scattering macroporous photoanode for dye-sensitized solar cells. The dense three-dimensional Al/ZnO, SnO2, or TiO2 host integrates a conformal passivation thin film to reduce recombination and a large surface-area mesoporous anatase guest for high dye loading. This novel photoanode is designed to improve the charge extraction resulting in higher fill factor and photovoltage for DSCs. An increase in photovoltage of up to 110 mV over state-of-the-art DSC is demonstrated.	2011-01-01	Nano Letters
10.1007/s00339-005-3349-3	Magnetism of Fe clusters and islands on Pt surfaces	Clusters and islands of Fe atoms have been prepared by noble gas buffer layer assisted growth as well as by standard molecular beam epitaxy on Pt substrates. Xe buffer layers have been utilized to promote the formation of compact, relaxed Fe clusters with narrow size distribution. Without the Xe buffer, strained Fe islands with a characteristic misfit dislocation network are formed. Magnetization loops obtained by magneto-optical Kerr effect measurements reveal that in-plane easy magnetization axis is only found for the relaxed clusters, pointing out the important role of epitaxial lattice deformations for the magnetic anisotropy.	2006-01-01	Applied Physics a-Materials Science & Processing
10.1103/PhysRevB.81.045313	Hopping and trapping mechanisms in organic field-effect transistors	A charge carrier in the channel of an organic field-effect transistor (OFET) is coupled to the electric polarization of the gate in the form of a surface Fröhlich polaron [N. Kirova and M. N. Bussac, Phys. Rev. B 68, 235312 (2003)]. We study the effects of the dynamical field of polarization on both small-polaron hopping and trap-limited transport mechanisms. We present numerical calculations of polarization energies, band- narrowing effects due to polarization, hopping barriers, and interface trap depths in pentacene and rubrene transistors as functions of the dielectric constant of the gate insulator and demonstrate that a trap-and-release mechanism more appropriately describes transport in high-mobility OFETs. For mobilities on the order 0.1 cm^2/V s and below, all states are highly localized and hopping becomes the predominant mechanism.	2010-01-01	Physical Review B
10.3390/atmos11050549	Modeling Compact Intracloud Discharge (CID) as a Streamer Burst	Narrow Bipolar Pulses are generated by bursts of electrical activity in the cloud and these are referred to as Compact Intracloud Discharges (CID) or Narrow Bipolar Events in the current literature. These discharges usually occur in isolation without much electrical activity before or after the event, but sometimes they are observed to initiate lightning flashes. In this paper, we have studied the features of CIDs assuming that they consist of streamer bursts without any conducting channels. A typical CID may contain about 109 streamer heads during the time of its maximum growth. A CID consists of a current front of several nanosecond duration that travels forward with the speed of the streamers. The amplitude of this current front increases initially during the streamer growth and decays subsequently as the streamer burst continues to propagate. Depending on the conductivity of the streamer channels, there could be a low-level current flow behind this current front which transports negative charge towards the streamer origin. The features of the current associated with the CID are very different from those of the radiation field that it generates. The duration of the radiation field of a CID is about 10–20 s, whereas the duration of the propagating current pulse associated with the CID is no more than a few nanoseconds in duration. The peak current of a CID is the result of a multitude of small currents associated with a large number of streamers and, if all the forward moving streamer heads are located on a single horizontal plane, the cumulative current that radiates at its peak value could be about 108 A. On the other hand, the current associated with an individual streamer is no more than a few hundreds of mA. However, if the location of the forward moving streamer heads are spread in a vertical direction, the peak current can be reduced considerably. Moreover, this large current is spread over an area of several tens to several hundreds of square meters. The study shows that the streamer model of the CID could explain the fine structure of the radiation fields present both in the electric field and electric field time derivative.	2020-05-25	Atmosphere
10.1109/JMEMS.2022.3143354	Study of Thin Film LiNbO3 Laterally Excited Bulk Acoustic Resonators	This work presents an in-depth study of simulation and measurement results of laterally excited shear bulk acoustic resonators (XBAR) in Lithium Niobate, at 5 GHz with high electromechanical coupling factor (k(t)(2)) as high as 25%, and with impedances at resonance close to 2 Omega. Loaded Quality factors of up to 340 and 150 are obtained at resonance and anti-resonance, respectively. Experimental00 dispersion behaviors of main mode and spurious are presented. Several geometric parameters affecting resonator performance are studied in order to improve figure of merits (FoM) of the device for 5G filter applications. The modified fabrication process presented shows a high yield of over 90% of devices which can be scalable for mass production of high frequency, sub-6 GHz, wide band filters.	2022-01-24	Journal Of Microelectromechanical Systems
10.1029/2012WR012290	Tidal influence on soil conditions in an intertidal creek-marsh system	To understand better how tides affect the soil conditions of salt marshes, pore-water flow in a modeled 3-D creek-marsh system was simulated under the influence of both monochromatic and spring-neap tides. In analyzing the simulation results, we examined six indices, viz., marsh surface elevation, hydroperiod, shortest distance to creeks, mean soil water saturation, soil saturation index and net water flux across the marsh surface. The results demonstrated that mean soil water saturation, soil saturation index and net water flux exhibited corresponding patterns of spatial variations, which were related to marsh surface elevation, hydroperiod, shortest distance to creeks and tidal regime. While the relationships could be described by a simple function under monochromatic tides, under spring-neap tides it was more complex with different behaviors in the lower and upper marsh areas. The shortest distance to creeks was a critically important factor affecting soil conditions. Well aerated and drained zones co-existed near the creek under both monochromatic and spring-neap tides. Spring-neap tides led to improved soil aeration in the upper marsh, including the interior section (away from the creek) where the hydroperiod and inundation frequency were reduced during neap tides. However, the local flushing condition did not improve correspondingly. The study suggests that single morphological index cannot describe the soil conditions adequately. A proper representation of the soil conditions for plant growth and distribution should take into account not only the aeration condition but also the flushing condition. For that purpose, a composite index is needed to combine the soil water saturation index and the net flux index.	2013-01-01	Water Resources Research
10.1002/cbdv.200900288	In vitro Ruthenation of Human Breast Cancer Suppressor Gene 1 (BRCA1) by the Antimetastasis Compound RAPTA-C and Its Analogue CarboRAPTA-C	The interaction of two ruthenium-arene-1,3,5-triaza-7-phosphaadamantane compds. ([Ru(η6-p-cymene)Cl2(pta)] and [Ru(η6-p-cymene)(C6H6O4)(pta)], termed RAPTA-C (3) and carboRAPTA-C (4), resp.) with the DNA sequence of the human breast-cancer suppressor gene 1 (BRCA1) has been studied using a range of techniques that probe conformation, crosslinking, base specificity, restriction anal., and in vitro inhibition of DNA polymn. The study demonstrates that substitution of the two labile chloride ligands in 3 by the more stable cyclobutane-1,1-dicarboxylate ligand onto the RAPTA framework reduces the rate of reaction with DNA in a similar manner to the analogous Pt-based drug pair cisplatin (1) and carboplatin (2), suggesting that hydrolysis may be a prerequisite to DNA binding with the Ru compds. Moreover, the rate of DNA interaction for 3 is in a similar range to that of 2, despite the fact that these compds. have a different therapeutic profile. The similar rates of reaction contrasting with the different modes of activity suggests that the RAPTA compds. may be clin. useful against cancer cells that have developed resistance to Pt-based therapies, particularly involving excision-repair mechanisms.	2010-01-01	Chemistry & Biodiversity
10.1016/S0040-4020(98)00541-9	Three complementary methods offering access to 5-substituted 1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolines	The scope and limitations of three independent, though related routes leading to 5-substituted tetrahydroisoquinolines are explored: the Pictet-Spengler type cyclization of ortho-substituted 2-phenylethylamines, the Pomeranz-Fritsch type cyclization of meta-substituted benzylamines and the electrophilic trapping of 5-lithiated 4-lithiooxytetrahydroquinolines. The introduction of the substituent relies in all three cases on a neighboring group assisted, site selective metalation step. [on SciFinder (R)]	1998-01-01	Tetrahedron
10.1016/j.nima.2009.05.179	VUV-induced radiation ageing processes in CsI photocathodes studied by microscopy and spectroscopy techniques	CsI thin film photocathodes of 600 nm thickness deposited on polished Al surfaces by resistive evaporation technique were studied by angle-resolved X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (ARXPS), before and after UV-irradiation under vacuum. It is shown that the "UV-irradiated" sample keeps the stoichiometric ratio Cs:1 unchanged (1:1) while it shows a higher concentration of carbon in comparison with "as-deposited" samples. The morphology of the "as-deposited" sample is strongly affected after VUV-irradiation. The consequence of such effects on the physical and chemical properties of the "as-deposited" and "UV-irradiated" CsI thin film photocathodes is discussed. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2009-01-01	Nuclear Instruments & Methods In Physics Research Section A-Accelerators Spectrometers Detectors And Associated Equipment
10.1109/TED.2014.2318199	Analytical Compact Model in Verilog-A for Electrostatically Actuated Ohmic Switches	Nowadays, electronics face a challenge regarding the power consumption of integrated circuits (ICs). There is a need for new devices that can provide improved switching capabilities. The downscaled electrostatically actuated ohmic switch, as a (re)emerging device, is a promising candidate to meet this need. To bring such a device seamlessly into IC design, it must be accompanied by an accurate, fast and robust analytical compact model. The development and the main characteristics of such a model are described within this paper. Extensive numerical simulations and measurements have been used to validate the model.	2014-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices
10.1016/j.solener.2014.08.030	Panchromatic light harvesting by dye- and quantum dot-sensitized solar cells	A PbS:Hg quantum dots-sensitized solar cell (QDSC) combined with a dye-sensitized solar cell (DSC) to harvest panchromatic solar spectrum from the visible light to the near IR is demonstrated. We use the filter to split the solar energy and access the total conversion efficiency. The DSC performing 12.4% under AM1.5G sunlight was able to generate 9.1% with a short-wave pass filter cutting off photons of wavelength longer than 650 nm. On the other hand, QDSC performing 5.58% generated 3.42% with the use of a long-wave pass filter transmitting beyond 630 nm. Calculated on the basis of transmitted light, DSC and QDSC performed 24.0% and 5.90%, leading to almost 13.1% of estimated total power conversion efficiency by harvesting the solar energy from visible light to the NIR. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2014-01-01	Solar Energy
10.1172/JCI158885	Stromal Notch ligands foster lymphopenia-driven functional plasticity and homeostatic proliferation of naive B cells	In lymphopenic environments, secondary lymphoid organs regulate the size of B and T cell compartments by supporting the homeostatic proliferation of mature lymphocytes. The molecular mechanisms underlying these responses and their functional consequences remain incompletely understood. To evaluate homeostasis of the mature B cell pool during lymphopenia, we turned to an adoptive transfer model of purified follicular B cells into Rag2(-/-) mouse recipients. Highly purified follicular B cells transdifferentiated into marginal zone-like B cells when transferred into Rag2(-/-) lymphopenic hosts but not into wild-type hosts. In lymphopenic spleens, transferred B cells gradually lost their follicular phenotype and acquired characteristics of marginal zone B cells, as judged by cell surface phenotype, expression of integrins and chemokine receptors, positioning close to the marginal sinus, and an ability to rapidly generate functional plasma cells. Initiation of follicular to marginal zone B cell transdifferentiation preceded proliferation. Furthermore, the transdifferentiation process was dependent on Notch2 receptors in B cells and expression of Delta-like 1 Notch ligands by splenic Ccl19-Cre(+) fibroblastic stromal cells. Gene expression analysis showed rapid induction of Notch-regulated transcripts followed by upregulated Myc expression and acquisition of broad transcriptional features of marginal zone B cells. Thus, naive mature B cells are endowed with plastic transdifferentiation potential in response to increased stromal Notch ligand availability during lymphopenia.	2022-07-01	Journal Of Clinical Investigation
10.1103/PhysRevB.78.054514	Upper critical fields well above 100 T for the superconductor SmFeAsO0.85F0.15 with T-c=46 K	We report specific-heat measurements at magnetic fields up to 20 T on the recently discovered superconductor SmFeAsO0.85F0.15. The B-T diagram of a polycrystalline SmFeAsO0.85F0.15 sample with T-c=46 K was investigated. The temperature dependence of B-c2 was extracted from the specific-heat curves; the corresponding B-c2(T=0) value derived from the Werthamer-Helfand-Hohenberg formula being 150 T. Based on magnetization measurements up to 9 T, a first estimation of the field dependence of the inductive critical current J(c) is given. Evidence for granularity is found. The presence of a peak effect is reported, suggesting a crossover in the vortex dynamics, in analogy to the behavior observed in high T-c cuprates.	2008-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1007/s11856-021-2277-z	Interlacing families III: Sharper restricted invertibility estimates	We use the method of interlacing families of polynomials to derive a simple proof of Bourgain and Tzafriri's Restricted Invertibility Principle, and then to sharpen the result in two ways. We show that the stable rank can be replaced by the Schatten 4-norm stable rank and that tighter bounds hold when the number of columns in the matrix under consideration does not greatly exceed its number of rows. Our bounds are derived from an analysis of the smallest zeros of Jacobi and associated Laguerre polynomials.	2022-01-01	Israel Journal Of Mathematics
10.1002/hlca.19770600528	Syntheses of organofluorine compounds. VIII. Solvolytic ring-opening of alkoxychlorofluorocyclopropanes: a ready access to fluorinated a,b-unsaturated aldehydes and ketones	1-Chloro-1-fluorocyclopropanes [I; R, R1, R2, R3 = H, OMe, Me, Me; Me, OMe, H, H; H, OMe, Me, Me2CH(CH2)3; H, OMe, Me, Me2C:CHCH2CH2; Me, Me, H, MeOCH:CMeCH2CH2; H, OEt, H, Me] were easily prepd. by cycloaddn. of ClFC: to alkenyl ethers in a 2-phase system. I were solvolyzed by heating in an aq. solvent mixt. to give 2-fluoro-2-alkenals, which were readily reduced by LiAlH4 to the corresponding 2-fluoro-2-alkenols. [on SciFinder (R)]	1977-01-01	Helvetica Chimica Acta
10.1109/TEMC.2020.3018108	Analytical Expressions for Lightning Electromagnetic Fields With Arbitrary Channel-Base Current. Part II: Validation and Computational Performance	This article provides the implementation procedure, the validation, and some considerations on the computational efforts of the analytical expressions developed for the lightning electromagnetic fields presented in the companion paper. The validation is presented with different configurations in terms of channel-base current, ground conductivity, and distance to the lightning channel, comparing the obtained results with the numerical integration of the classical formulas. The comparative analysis shows a perfect agreement between the proposed analytical approach and reference numerical simulations. Moreover, the computational effort of the proposed method is discussed, focusing the attention on the choice of the points in which the channel has to be divided in order to maximize the CPU time savings without losing accuracy.	2021-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Electromagnetic Compatibility
10.3390/su12166556	The Pavilions at the Alhambra’s Court of the Lions: Graphic Analysis of Muqarnas	This research documents and graphically analyzes the pavilions muqarnas at the Court of the Lions in the Alhambra in Granada, a World Heritage Site. In order to cast some light on the understanding and preservation of these 14th century architectural elements, after a brief report of historical data on catastrophes and restorations, a novel methodology for the case study based on three complementary graphic analyses is presented here: First, there is a review of outstanding images ranging from the 17th to the 20th centuries; subsequently, new CAD (computer-aided design) drawings from pavilions muqarnas testing the theoretic principles from their geometric grouping are accomplished for the first time; and finally, a 3D laser scanner is used to understand the precise present-day state from the point cloud obtained. Comparing drawings allows us to assess the muqarnas relevance while proving, for the first time, that the muqarnas of both pavilions have distinct configurations and different amounts of pieces. Besides, this process reveals geometric deformations existing in the original Nasrid muqarnas compositions, identifying small pieces hitherto unknown, plus additional deformations resulting from adjustments after important threats that both pavilions and their muqarnas overcame for centuries, despite their fragile construction.	2020-08-13	Sustainability
10.1681/Asn.2016070726	Renal Fanconi Syndrome and Hypophosphatemic Rickets in the Absence of Xenotropic and Polytropic Retroviral Receptor in the Nephron	Tight control of extracellular and intracellular inorganic phosphate (Pi) levels is critical to most biochemical and physiologic processes. Urinary Pi is freely filtered at the kidney glomerulus and is reabsorbed in the renal tubule by the action of the apical sodium -dependent phosphate transporters, NaPi-11a/NaPi-11c/Pit2. However, the molecular identity of the protein(s) participating in the basolateral Pi efflux remains unknown. Evidence has suggested that xenotropic and polytropic retroviral receptor 1 (XPR1) might be involved in this process. Here, we show that conditional inactivation of Xpr1 in the renal tubule in mice resulted in impaired renal Pi reabsorption. Analysis of Pi transport in primary cultures of proximal tubular cells or in freshly isolated renal tubules revealed that this Xpr1 deficiency significantly affected Pi efflux. Further, mice with conditional inactivation of Xpr1 in the renal tubule exhibited generalized proximal tubular dysfunction indicative of Fanconi syndrome, characterized by glycosuria, aminoaciduria, calciuria, and albuminuria. Dramatic alterations in the renal transcriptome, including a significant reduction in NaPi-lla/NaPi-llc expression, accompanied these functional changes. Additionally, Xpr1-deficient mice developed hypophosphatemic rickets secondary to renal dysfunction. These results identify XPR1 as a major regulator of Pi homeostasis and as a potential therapeutic target in bone and kidney disorders.	2017-01-01	Journal Of The American Society Of Nephrology
10.1029/2020GL087985	Bifurcations at the Stability Transition of Earthquake Faulting	Tectonic faults typically break in a single rupture mode within the range of styles from slow slip to dynamic earthquake failure. However, in increasingly well-documented instances, the same fault segment fails in both slow and fast modes within a short period, as in the sequences that culminated in the 2011 Mw = 9.0 Tohoku-Oki, Japan, and 2014 Mw = 8.2 Iquique, Chile, earthquakes. Why slow slip alternates with dynamic rupture in certain regions but not in others is not well understood. Here, we integrate laboratory experiments and numerical simulations to investigate the physical conditions leading to cycles where the two rupture styles alternate. We show that a bifurcation takes place near the stability transition with sequences encompassing various rupture modes under constant loading rate. The range of frictional instabilities and slip cycles identified in this study represents important end-members to understand the interaction of slow and fast slip on the same fault segment.	2020-10-16	Geophysical Research Letters
10.1007/s00603-021-02654-1	Discussion on "Experimental Deformation of Opalinus Clay at Elevated Temperature and Pressure Conditions: Mechanical Properties and the Influence of Rock Fabric" of Schuster, V., Rybacki, E., Bonnelye, A., Herrmann, J., Schleicher, AM, Dresen, G	The testing procedure and results on saturated samples of Opalinus Clay in the work of Schuster et al. (Rock Mech Rock Eng https://doi.org/10.1007/ s00603-021-02474-3, 2021) were conducted and presented using strain rates two to four orders of magnitudes higher than the rates needed to allow pore pressure equilibrium in the material, both in drained and undrained conditions. This leads to an erroneous estimation of the mechanical properties in saturated conditions. We discuss this aspect in the context of shale testing. We also discuss the effect of drying-induced fissuring on the mechanical properties of geomaterials tested in dry conditions.	2022-01-01	Rock Mechanics And Rock Engineering
10.1115/1.2830037	Flow Boiling in Horizontal Tubes. Part 1; Development of a Diabatic Two–Phase Flow Pattern Map	An improved two-phase flow pattern map is proposed for evaporation in horizontal tubes. The new map was developed based on flow pattern data for five different refrigerants covering a wide range of mass velocities and vapor qualities. The new map is valid for both adiabatic and diabatic (evaporating) flows and accurately identifies about 96% of the 702 data points. In addition, the new flow pattern map includes the prediciton of the onset of dryout at the top of the tube during evaporation inside horizontal tubes as a function of heat flux and flow parameters.	1998-01-01	journal of heat transfer
10.1137/18M1184667	Systemic Risk in Networks with a Central Node	We examine the effects on a financial network of clearing all contracts though a central node (CN), thereby transforming the original network into a star-shaped one. The CN is capitalized with external equity and a guaranty fund. We introduce a structural systemic risk measure that captures the shortfall of end users. We show that it is possible to simultaneously improve the expected surplus of the banks and the CN as well as decrease the shortfall of end users. We determine the CN's equity and guaranty fund policies as a Nash bargaining solution. We illustrate our findings on simulated credit default swap networks compatible with aggregate market data.	2020-01-01	Siam Journal On Financial Mathematics
10.1038/s41592-019-0364-4	Super-resolution fight club: assessment of 2D and 3D single-molecule localization microscopy software	With the widespread uptake of two-dimensional (2D) and three-dimensional (3D) single-molecule localization microscopy (SMLM), a large set of different data analysis packages have been developed to generate super-resolution images. In a large community effort, we designed a competition to extensively characterize and rank the performance of 2D and 3D SMLM software packages. We generated realistic simulated datasets for popular imaging modalities-2D, astigmatic 3D, biplane 3D and double-helix 3D-and evaluated 36 participant packages against these data. This provides the first broad assessment of 3D SMLM software and provides a holistic view of how the latest 2D and 3D SMLM packages perform in realistic conditions. This resource allows researchers to identify optimal analytical software for their experiments, allows 3D SMLM software developers to benchmark new software against the current state of the art, and provides insight into the current limits of the field.	2019-05-01	Nature Methods
10.1016/j.acha.2019.08.004	Sparse non-negative super-resolution - simplified and stabilised	We consider the problem of non-negative super-resolution, which concerns reconstructing a non-negative signal x = Sigma(k )(i=1)a(i)delta(ti) from m samples of its convolution with a window function phi(s - t), of the form y(s(j)) = Sigma(k)(i=1) a(i) phi(s(j) - t(i)) + delta(j), where delta(j) indicates an inexactness in the sample value. We first show that x is the unique non-negative measure consistent with the samples, provided the samples are exact. Moreover, we characterise non-negative solutions (x) over cap consistent with the samples within the bound Sigma(m)(j=1) delta(2)(j) <= delta(2). We show that the integrals of (x) over cap and x over (t(i) - epsilon, t(i) + epsilon) converge to one another as epsilon and delta approach zero and that x and (x) over cap are similarly close in the generalised Wasserstein distance. Lastly, we make these results precise for phi(s - t) Gaussian. The main innovation is that non-negativity is sufficient to localise point sources and that regularisers such as total variation are not required in the non-negative setting. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2021-01-01	Applied And Computational Harmonic Analysis
10.1016/j.snb.2011.03.053	Targeting of multiple metabolites in neural cells monitored by using protein-based carbon nanotubes	Microdevices dedicated to monitor metabolite levels have recently enabled many applications in the field of cell analysis, to monitor cell growth and development of numerous cell lines. By combining the traditional technology used for electrochemical biosensors with nanoscale materials, it is possible to develop miniaturized metabolite biosensors with unique properties of sensitivity and detection limit. In particular, enzymes tend to adsorb onto carbon nanotubes and their optical or electrical activity can perturb the electronic properties. In the present work we propose multi-walled carbon nanotube-based biosensors to monitor a cell line highly sensitive to metabolic alterations, in order to evaluate lactate production and glucose uptake during different cell states. We achieve sensors for both lactate and glucose, with sensitivities of 40.1 mu A mM(-1) cm(-2) and 27.7 mu A mM(-1) cm(-2), and detection limits of 28 mu M and 73 mu M, respectively. This nano-biosensing technology is used to provide new information on cell line metabolism during proliferation and differentiation, which are unprecedented in cell biology. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2011-01-01	Sensors And Actuators B-Chemical
10.1103/PhysRevB.74.155208	Vibrational spectra of vitreous germania from first-principles	We report on a first-principles investigation of the structural and vibrational properties of vitreous germania (v-GeO2). Our work focuses on a periodic model structure of 168 atoms, but three smaller models are also studied for comparison. We first carry out a detailed structural analysis both in real and reciprocal spaces. Our study comprises the partial pair correlation functions, the angular distributions, the total neutron correlation function, the neutron and x-ray total structure factors, and the Faber-Ziman and Bhatia-Thornthon partial structure factors. We find overall good agreement with available experimental data. We then obtain the vibrational frequencies and eigenmodes. We analyze the vibrational density of states in terms of Ge and O motions, and further in terms of rocking, bending, and stretching contributions. The inelastic neutron spectrum is found to differ only marginally from the vibrational density of states. Using a methodology based on the application of finite electric fields, we derive dynamical Born charge tensors and Raman coupling tensors. For the infrared spectra, we calculate the real and imaginary parts of the dielectric function, including the high-frequency and static dielectric constants. The Raman spectra are shown to be sensitive to the medium-range structure and support an average Ge-O-Ge angle of 135 degrees. We identify the shoulder X-2 as a signature of breathing O vibrations in three-membered rings. Four-membered rings are found to contribute to the main Raman peak. We advance an interpretation for the shoulder X-1 in terms of delocalized bond-bending modes. We derive bond polarizability parameters from the calculated Raman coupling tensors and demonstrate their level of reliability in reproducing the spectra. The calculated vibrational spectra all show good agreement with the respective experimental spectra.	2006-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1016/j.astropartphys.2011.10.012	Novel technique for supernova detection with IceCube	The current supernova detection technique used in IceCube relies on the sudden deviation of the summed photomultiplier noise rate from its nominal value during the neutrino burst, making IceCube a approximate to 3 Megaton effective detection volume - class supernova detector. While galactic supernovae can be resolved with this technique, the supernova neutrino emission spectrum remains unconstrained and thus presents a limited potential for the topics related to supernova core collapse models.	2012-01-01	Astroparticle Physics
10.1145/2601097.2601116	Projective Dynamics: Fusing Constraint Projections for Fast Simulation	We present a new method for implicit time integration of physical systems. Our approach builds a bridge between nodal Finite Element methods and Position Based Dynamics, leading to a simple, efficient, robust, yet accurate solver that supports many different types of constraints. We propose specially designed energy potentials that can be solved efficiently using an alternating optimization approach. Inspired by continuum mechanics, we derive a set of continuum-based potentials that can be efficiently incorporated within our solver. We demonstrate the generality and robustness of our approach in many different applications ranging from the simulation of solids, cloths, and shells, to example-based simulation. Comparisons to Newton-based and Position Based Dynamics solvers highlight the benefits of our formulation.	2014-01-01	Acm Transactions On Graphics
10.1088/0741-3335/57/2/025002	High density experiments in TCV ohmically heated and L-mode plasmas	Recent experiments have been performed on the Tokamak a configuration variable (TCV) to investigate the confinement properties of high density plasmas and the mechanism behind the density limit. In a limiter configuration with plasma elongation kappa = 1.3-1.4 and triangularity delta = 0.2-0.3 the operational density range has been extended up to 0.65 of the Greenwald density at I-p = 200 kA (q(95) = 3.7) and even to the Greenwald value at low plasma current I-p = 110 kA (q(95) = 7). A transition from the linear to the saturated ohmic confinement regime is observed at high density similar to 0.4n(GW). A further density increase leads to sawtooth stabilization and is accompanied by a decrease of the energy and particle confinement times. The development of the disruption at the density limit was preceded by sawtooth stabilization. It is shown that electron cyclotron heating leads to the prevention of sawtooth stabilization and then to the increase of the density limit value.	2015-01-01	Plasma Physics and Controlled Fusion
10.1063/1.4919846	Capacitance behavior of InAlN Schottky diodes in presence of large concentrations of shallow and deep states related to oxygen	The capacitance-voltage-temperature characteristics of nonintentionally doped In0.16Al0.84  N/n+- GaN Schottky diodes were measured at 1 MHz and in the 90–400 K range. They are discussed in the framework of existing theories, which properly treat the Poisson's equation, especially near the edge of the space-charge region, the so-called transition region. The concentration of a shallow donor and of a deep DX-like center, previously reported, is properly determined. The key parameter to discuss the temperature dependence of the capacitance is the ratio between the frequency of the small ac modulating signal and the temperature-dependent emission rate associated to each level. The capacitance-voltage C-Va curves were successfully fitted using a three parameters expression over the full range of temperatures. The concentration of both shallow and deep levels exceeds a few 1018 cm−3. Based on secondary ion mass spectrometry profiling, we assign both levels to the dominant oxygen impurity. This result supports our previous assignment of the shallow donor to a substitutional oxygen atom on a nitrogen site and the deep state to an O-related DX center, naturally explaining its high concentration. The sluggish kinetics at low temperatures, associated to the large concentration of deep levels located near the transition region, is illustrated by hysteresis loops in the C-Va curves below 270 K. Furthermore, the contribution of free carriers to the capacitance is revealed below 150 K, when both shallow and deep donors cannot respond anymore due to an emission rate lower than the 1 MHz modulating frequency. Finally, the presence of a highly doped thin surface barrier, as already reported in other III-nitrides, finds further support.	2015-01-01	Journal of Applied Physics
10.1016/j.solmat.2019.03.003	Ionic dipolar switching hinders charge collection in perovskite solar cells with normal and inverted hysteresis	Drift-diffusion modeling of the ionic dipole switching from the measurement of fast scanned and long pre-biased electrical response is proposed as a novel protocol for evaluation of limit hysteretic effects in perovskite solar cells. Up to eight systems were measured including CH3NH3PbI3, Cs(0.1)FA(0.74)MA(0.13)PbI(2.48)Br(0.39) and FA(0.83)MA(0.17)Pb(1)(.1)Br(0.22)I(2.98) 3D perovskite absorbers, as well as 2D capping layers towards the selective contacts. We show systematic hysteretic patterns, even among typical hysteresis-free devices, including normal and inverted hysteresis as general dissimilar trend between CH3NH3PbI3 and mixed perovskite cells, respectively. Particularly, strong changes in the short-circuit current density (J(sc)) were identified, in addition to different trends affecting the fill factor (FF) and the open-circuit voltage (V-oc). The changes in J(sc) were analyzed with stateof-the-art numerical drift-diffusion simulations concluding in an important reduction in the charge collection due to ionic distribution switching depending on the pre-biasing protocol and the type of absorbing perovskite. It is shown that mixed perovskites inhibit ionic dipolar switching. In addition, our calculi signal on the required conditions for the occurrence of inverted hysteresis and changes in the V-oc. Regarding the FF and V-oc patterns a new empirical approach is introduced and corresponding interpretations are proposed.	2019-06-15	Solar Energy Materials and Solar Cells
10.1007/s00340-005-2076-y	Near-infrared laser photoacoustic detection of methane: The impact of molecular relaxation	A photoacoustic sensor has been developed for trace-gas monitoring using a near-infrared semiconductor laser emitting in the 2ν3 band of methane at 1.65 μm. The apparatus was designed for on-line process control in the manufacturing of the novel low-water-peak fibres developed for optical telecommunications. The importance of collisional relaxation processes in the generation of the photoacoustic signal is reported in the particular case of CH4 detection in dry O2 and O2-N2 mixtures. The negative influence of these effects results in a strongly reduced and phase-shifted photoacoustic signal, induced by a fast resonant coupling between the vibrational states of methane and oxygen, associated with the slow relaxation of the excited oxygen molecules. An unusual parabolic response of the sensor with respect to the methane concentration has been observed and is discussed. Finally, the beneficial effect of several species, including water vapour and helium, acting as a catalyst to hasten the relaxation of the CH 4-O2 system, is demonstrated.	2006-01-01	Applied Physics B: Lasers and Optics
10.1287/mnsc.2014.2009	Buy-It-Now or Take-a-Chance: Price Discrimination Through Randomized Auctions	Increasingly detailed consumer information makes sophisticated price discrimination possible. At fine levels of aggregation, demand may not obey standard regularity conditions. We propose a new randomized sales mechanism for such environments. Bidders can "buy-it-now" at a posted price, or "take-a-chance" in an auction where the top d > 1 bidders are equally likely to win. The randomized allocation incentivizes high-valuation bidders to buy-it-now. We analyze equilibrium behavior and apply our analysis to advertiser bidding data from Microsoft Advertising Exchange. In counterfactual simulations, our mechanism increases revenue by 4.4% and consumer surplus by 14.5% compared to an optimal second-price auction.	2014-01-01	Management Science
10.1016/j.actamat.2013.12.035	Oxidation mechanism of nickel particles studied in an environmental transmission electron microscope	The oxidation of nickel particles was studied in situ in an environmental transmission electron microscope in 3.2 mbar of O-2 between ambient temperature and 600 degrees C. Several different transmission electron microscopy imaging techniques, electron diffraction and electron energy-loss spectroscopy were used to study the evolution of the microstructure and the local chemical composition of the particles during oxidation. Our results suggest that built-in field effects control the initial stages of oxidation, with randomly oriented NiO crystallites and internal voids then forming as a result of outward diffusion of Ni2+ along NiO grain boundaries, self-diffusion of Ni2+ ions and vacancies, growth of NiO grains and nucleation of voids at Ni/NiO interfaces. We also observed the formation of transverse cracks in a growing NiO film in situ in the electron microscope. (C) 2014 Acta Materialia Inc. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2014-01-01	Acta Materialia
10.1103/PhysRevLett.113.057401	Stochastic Resonance in Collective Exciton-Polariton Excitations inside a GaAs Microcavity	We report the first observation of stochastic resonance in confined exciton polaritons. We evidence this phenomena by tracking the polaritons behavior through two stochastic resonance quantifiers namely the spectral magnification factor and the signal-to-noise ratio. The evolution of the stochastic resonance in the function of the modulation amplitude of the periodic excitation signal is studied. Our experimental observations are well reproduced by numerical simulations performed in the framework of the Gross-Pitaevskii equation under stochastic perturbation.	2014-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1016/j.physletb.2006.06.063	The nuMSM, inflation, and dark matter	We show how to enlarge the νMSM (the minimal extension of the Standard Model by three right-handed neutrinos) to incorporate inflation and provide a common source for electroweak symmetry breaking and for right-handed neutrino masses. In addition to inflation, the resulting theory can explain simultaneously dark matter and the baryon asymmetry of the Universe; it is consistent with experiments on neutrino oscillations and with all astrophysical and cosmological constraints on sterile neutrino as a dark matter candidate. The mass of inflaton can be much smaller than the electroweak scale. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2006-01-01	Physics Letters B
10.1073/pnas.2025348118	Socioeconomic development predicts a weaker contraceptive effect of breastfeeding	The contraceptive effect of breastfeeding remains essential to controlling fertility in many developing regions of the world. The extent to which this negative effect of breastfeeding on ovarian activity is sensitive to ecological conditions, notably maternal energetic status, has remained controversial. We assess the relationship between breastfeeding duration and postpartum amenorrhea (the absence of menstruation following a birth) in 17 World Fertility Surveys and 284 Demographic Health Surveys conducted between 1975 and 2019 in 84 low- and middle-income countries. We then analyze the resumption of menses in women during unsupplemented lactation. We find that a sharp weakening of the breastfeeding- postpartum amenorrhea relationship has globally occurred over the time period analyzed. The slope of the breastfeeding-postpartum amenorrhea relationship is negatively associated with development: higher values of the Human Development Index, urbanization, access to electricity, easier access to water, and education are predictive of a weaker association between breastfeeding and postpartum amenorrhea. Low parity also predicts shorter postpartum amenorrhea. The association between exclusive breastfeeding and maintenance of amenorrhea in the early postpartum period is also found in rapid decline in Asia and in moderate decline in subSaharan Africa. These findings indicate that the effect of breastfeeding on ovarian function is partly mediated by external factors that likely include negative maternal energy balance and support the notion that prolonged breastfeeding significantly helps control fertility only under harsh environmental conditions.	2021-07-20	Proceedings Of The National Academy Of Sciences Of The United States Of America
10.1039/c3cp44101f	LSPR properties of metal nanoparticles adsorbed at a liquid–liquid interface	Unlike the solid–air and solid–liquid interfaces, the optical properties of metal nanoparticles adsorbed at the liquid–liquid interface have not been theoretically exploited to date. In this work, the three dimensional finite difference time domain (3D-FDTD) method is employed to clarify the localized surface plasmon resonance (LSPR) based optical properties of gold nanoparticles (NPs) adsorbed at the water–oil interface, including near field distribution, far field absorption and their relevance. The LSPR spectra of NPs located at a liquid–liquid interface are shown to differ significantly from those in a uniform liquid environment or at the other interfaces. The absorption spectra exhibit two distinct LSPR peaks, the positions and relative strengths of which are sensitive to the dielectric properties of each liquid and the exact positions of the NPs with respect to the interface. Precise control of the particles’ position and selection of the appropriate wavelength of the excitation laser facilitates the rational design and selective excitation of localized plasmon modes for interfacial NPs, a necessary advance for the exploration of liquid–liquid interfaces via surface enhanced Raman spectroscopy (SERS). According to our calculations, the SERS enhancement factor for Au nanosphere dimers at the water–oil interface can be as high as 107–109, implying significant promise for future investigations of interfacial structure and applications of liquid–liquid interfaces towards chemical analysis.	2013-01-01	Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics
10.1021/acssuschemeng.1c07056	Atom-by-Atom Synthesis of Multiatom-Supported Catalytic Clusters by Liquid-Phase Atomic Layer Deposition	Here, we introduce a method for the synthesis of atomically precise, supported, multiatom catalysts by liquid-phase atomic layer deposition. This technique is based on consecutive grafting reactions in mild conditions that build supported active sites atom by atom. The atomically controlled synthesis procedure led to the growth of well-defined multinuclear (Al, Mg, Si, Zn, and O) clusters. The composition of the clusters was verified by titrations ICP-OES, STEM-EDX, and XPS, while their structure was resolved from the synthesis sequence, elemental composition, and extensive characterization (X-ray absorption, solid-state NMR, STEM, XPS, and DFT calculations). Propane dehydrogenation was used as a probe reaction to demonstrate the potential to control and tailor the activity and stability of these catalytic clusters. Notably, we were able to alternatively multiply the initial activity of a known single-atom catalyst by 6 fold or improve its stability against thermal deactivation by simply using different elements and modifying the deposition sequence.	2022-03-21	Acs Sustainable Chemistry & Engineering
10.1002/mrm.25171	A double-quadrature radiofrequency coil design for proton-decoupled carbon-13 magnetic resonance spectroscopy in humans at 7T	Purpose Carbon-13 magnetic resonance spectroscopy (13C-MRS) is challenging because of the inherent low sensitivity of 13C detection and the need for radiofrequency transmission at the 1H frequency while receiving the 13C signal, the latter requiring electrical decoupling of the 13C and 1H radiofrequency channels. In this study, we added traps to the 13C coil to construct a quadrature-13C/quadrature-1H surface coil, with sufficient isolation between channels to allow simultaneous operation at both frequencies without compromise in coil performance. Methods Isolation between channels was evaluated on the bench by measuring all coupling parameters. The quadrature mode of the quadrature-13C coil was assessed using in vitro 23Na gradient echo images. The signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) was measured on the glycogen and glucose resonances by 13C-MRS in vitro, compared with that obtained with a linear-13C/quadrature-1H coil, and validated by 13C-MRS in vivo in the human calf at 7T. Results Isolation between channels was better than −30 dB. The 23Na gradient echo images indicate a region where the field is strongly circularly polarized. The quadrature coil provided an SNR enhancement over a linear coil of 1.4, in vitro and in vivo. Conclusion It is feasible to construct a double-quadrature 13C-1H surface coil for proton decoupled sensitivity enhanced 13C-NMR spectroscopy in humans at 7T.	2015-01-01	Magnetic Resonance in Medicine
10.1088/1741-4326/abf43f	Millimeter-wave beam scattering and induced broadening by plasma turbulence in the TCV tokamak	The scattering of millimeter-wave beams from electron density fluctuations and the associated beam broadening are experimentally demonstrated. Using a dedicated setup, instantaneous deflection and (de-)focusing of the beam due to density blobs on the beam path are shown to agree with full-wave simulations. The detected time-averaged wave power transmitted through the turbulent plasma is reproduced by the radiative-transfer model implemented in the WKBeam code, which predicts a similar to 50% turbulence-induced broadening of the beam cross-section. The role of core turbulence for the considered geometry is highlighted.	2021-06-01	Nuclear Fusion
10.1016/j.fusengdes.2021.112457	Prototype mitre bends of the ex-vessel waveguide system for the ITER upper launcher: Thermal hydraulic simulations and experiments with off-center mm-wave beams	On ITER, long pulse gyrotrons are required as a power source for electron cyclotron heating (ECH) and current drive (CD). The microwaves are guided from the gyrotrons, which are placed far from the Tokamak, into the plasma by transmission lines (TLs) and a launching antenna (launcher). Each of the four ECH Upper launchers features eight waveguide (WG) TLs, with at least 95% of the power from the gyrotrons coupled into in the main HE mode of the TLs. In the ex-vessel portion of the system between the port-plug closure plate and the isolation valve and diamond window, there are miter bends (MBs) that change the direction of the TL by reflecting the millimeter waves (mm-waves) using mirrors; the mirrors must handle 1.31 MW, 170 GHz, 3600 s pulses. Various MBs perform these reflections at an angle of 90 degrees, or nearly 100 degrees. As a result of the ohmic dissipation, an intensive peaked heat flux appears near the center of the MB mirror and thus, a dedicated cooling system is present to ensure the temperature control of the mirror and housing e.g. [1]. The power that is not found in the HE mode can cause the beam to be not perfectly centered, resulting in an off-centered heat flux on the mirror surface; as is the case for the experiments described here. This study presents new finite element modeling of such beams, created in CFX of ANSYS Workbench [2], compared to the experimental findings for pulses of 170 GHz, 0.5 MW and 240 s. Monitor points are placed in the same positions as TCs that have been fitted in the mirror close to the heated surface and direct comparison of the temperature values is performed. Through transient simulation the time constants are calculated and compared with those of the experiments.	2021-03-31	Fusion Engineering and Design
10.1039/c5cc08741d	Thiazolium carbene catalysts for the fixation of CO2 onto amines	The catalytic N-formylation and N-methylation of amines using CO2 as the carbon source represents a facile and sustainable approach for the synthesis of pharmaceuticals and natural products. Herein, we describe highly effective and inexpensive thiazolium carbene-based catalysts derived from vitamin B1 for the N-formylation and N-methylation of amines, using polymethylhydrosiloxane (PMHS) as a reducing agent, which operate under ambient conditions.	2016-01-01	Chemical Communications
10.1007/s42484-023-00100-9	Continuous-variable neural network quantum states and the quantum rotor model	We initiate the study of neural network quantum state algorithms for analyzing continuous-variable quantum systems in which the quantum degrees of freedom correspond to coordinates on a smooth manifold. A simple family of continuous-variable trial wavefunctions is introduced which naturally generalizes the restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM) wavefunction introduced for analyzing quantum spin systems. By virtue of its simplicity, the same variational Monte Carlo training algorithms that have been developed for ground state determination and time evolution of spin systems have natural analogues in the continuum. We offer a proof of principle demonstration in the context of ground state determination of a stoquastic quantum rotor Hamiltonian. Results are compared against those obtained from partial differential equation (PDE) based scalable eigensolvers. This study serves as a benchmark against which future investigation of continuous-variable neural quantum states can be compared, and points to the need to consider deep network architectures and more sophisticated training algorithms.	2023-06-01	Quantum Machine Intelligence
10.1038/s41524-022-00901-9	Anti-Jahn-Teller effect induced ultrafast insulator to metal transition in perovskite BaBiO3	The Jahn-Teller (JT) effect involves the ions M with a degenerate electronic state distorting the corner-sharing MO6 octahedra to lift the degeneracy, inducing strong coupling of electrons to lattice, and mediating the exotic properties in perovskite oxides. Conversely, the anti-Jahn-Teller (AJT) effect refers to the deformation against the Jahn-Teller-distorted MO6 octahedra. However, it is difficult to experimentally execute both effects descending from the fine-tuning of crystal structures. We propose the AJT can be introduced by THz laser illumination at 11.71 THz in a candidate superconducting perovskite material BaBiO3 near room temperature. The illumination coherently drives the infrared-active phonon that excites the Raman breathing mode through the quadratic-linear nonlinear interaction. The process is characterized by the emergence of an AJT effect, accompanied by an insulator-to-metal transition occurring on the picosecond timescale. This study underlines the important role of crystal structure engineering by coherent phonon excitation in designing optoelectronic devices.	2022-11-06	Npj Computational Materials
10.1021/acs.chemmater.7b02018	Photogenerated Charge Harvesting and Recombination in Photocathodes of Solvent-Exfoliated WSe2	Understanding and optimizing the effects of edge states and nanoflake dimensions on the photon harvesting efficiency in ultrathin transition-metal dichalcogenide (TMD) semiconductor photoelectrodes is critical to assessing their practical viability for solar energy conversion. We present herein a novel filtration-based separation approach to systematically vary the TMD nanoflake dimensions and edge density of solution processed large-area multiflake WSe2 photocathodes: Photo electrochemical measurements in both aqueous electrolyte (for water reduction) and a sacrificial redox system, together with a continuum-based charge transport model, reveal the role of the edge sites and the effects of the flake size on the light harvesting, charge transport, and recombination. A selective passivation technique using atomic layer deposition is developed to address detrimental recombination at flake edges. Edge-passivated WSe2 films prepared. with the smallest flakes (similar to 150 nm width, 9 nm thickness) demonstrate an internal quantum yield of 60% (similar to bulk single-crystal results). An optimized (1 sun) photocurtent density of 164 mA cm(-2) is achieved with 18-nm-thick flakes (700 nm width), despite transmitting similar to 80% of the accessible photons: Overall, these results represent a new benchmark in the performance of solution-processed TMDs and suggest routes for their development into large-area low-cost solar energy conversion devices.	2017-01-01	Chemistry Of Materials
10.1063/1.1573632	Ab initio calculations of mode selective tunneling dynamics in (CH3OH)-C-12 and (CH3OH)-C-13	A simplified formulation of the harmonic reaction path Hamiltonian (RPH) approach is used to calculate mode specific tunneling splittings and stereomutation times in (CH3OH)-C-12 and (CH3OH)-C-13. The experimental torsional spectrum is very well reproduced, as well as the few known isotope shifts. The mode specific changes in tunneling splitting are investigated for the excitation of fundamentals and OH stretching overtones. Good agreement between experiment and the RPH model is obtained, except for excitations of modes which are perturbed by anharmonic resonances. The inverted tunneling splittings (E level below A) experimentally observed for the fundamental transitions of the CH-stretching modes nu(2) and nu(9) and of the CH-rocking mode nu(11) are shown to result from a pure symmetry effect and not from a breakdown of vibrational adiabaticity. Introducing a proper geometrical phase factor but retaining the adiabatic separation of the torsional dynamics yields calculated values of Delta(ν) over tilde (2)=-3.6 cm(-1), Delta(ν) over tilde (9)=-3.2 cm(-1), and Delta(ν) over tilde (11)=-8.2 cm(-1) that are in satisfactory agreement with experimental data. Negative tunneling splittings are also predicted for the asymmetric CH-bending modes nu(4) and nu(10) and the CH3-rocking mode nu(7). A smooth decrease of the tunneling splitting is calculated for increasing OH stretching excitation [Delta(ν) over tilde(nu(1))=6.2 cm(-1),...,Delta(ν) over tilde (6nu(1))=1.5 cm(-1)] in quantitative agreement with experiment [Delta(ν) over tilde(nu(1))=6.3 cm(-1),...,Delta(ν) over tilde (6nu(1))=1.6 cm(-1)]. The effect is shown to result in about equal parts from the increase of the effective torsional barrier and the effective lengthening of the OH bond. (C) 2003 American Institute of Physics.	2003-01-01	Journal of Chemical Physics
10.1016/j.laa.2020.02.010	On maximum volume submatrices and cross approximation for symmetric semidefinite and diagonally dominant matrices	The problem of finding a k x k submatrix of maximum volume of a matrix A is of interest in a variety of applications. For example, it yields a quasi-best low-rank approximation constructed from the rows and columns of A. We show that such a submatrix can always be chosen to be a principal submatrix not only for symmetric semidefinite matrices but also for diagonally dominant matrices. Then we analyze the low-rank approximation error returned by a greedy method for volume maximization, cross approximation with complete pivoting. Our bound for general matrices extends an existing result for symmetric semidefinite matrices and yields new error estimates for diagonally dominant matrices. In particular, for doubly diagonally dominant matrices the error is shown to remain within a modest factor of the best approximation error. We also illustrate how the application of our results to cross approximation for functions leads to new and better convergence results. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2020-05-15	Linear Algebra And Its Applications
10.1021/ja306320s	A Fluorescent Sensor for GABA and Synthetic GABA(B) Receptor Ligands	While gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) is the main inhibitory neurotransmitter, suitable tools to measure its concentration in living cells with high spatiotemporal resolution are missing. Herein, we describe the first ratiometric fluorescent sensor for GABA, dubbed GABA-Snifit, which senses GABA with high specificity and spatiotemporal resolution on the surface of living mammalian cells. GABA-Snifit is a semisynthetic fusion protein containing the GABA(B) receptor, SNAP- and CLIP-tag, a synthetic fluorophore and a fluorescent GABA(B) receptor antagonist. When assembled on cell surfaces, GABA-Snifit displays a GABA-dependent fluorescence emission spectrum in the range of 500-700 nm that permits sensing micromolar to millimolar GABA concentrations. The ratiometric change of the sensor on living cells is 1.8. Furthermore, GABA-Snifit can be utilized to quantify the relative binding affinities of GABA(B) receptor agonists, antagonists and the effect of allosteric modulators. These properties make GABA-Snifit a valuable tool to investigate the role of GABA and GABA(B) in biological systems.	2012-01-01	Journal Of The American Chemical Society
10.1109/TSG.2021.3078104	Time-Synchronization Attack Detection in Unbalanced Three-Phase Systems	Phasor measurement units (PMU) rely on an accurate time-synchronization to phase-align the phasors and timestamp the voltage and current phasor measurements. Among the symmetrical components computed from the phasors in three-phase systems, the standard practice only uses the direct-sequence component for state estimation and bad data detection (BDD). Time-synchronization attacks (TSAs) can compromise the measured phasors and can, thus, significantly alter the state estimate in a manner that is undetectable by widely used power-system BDD algorithms. In this paper we investigate the potential of utilizing the three-phase model instead of the direct-sequence model for mitigating the vulnerability of state estimation to undetectable TSAs. We show analytically that if the power system is unbalanced then the use of the three-phase model as input to BDD algorithms enables to detect attacks that would be undetectable if only the direct-sequence model was used. Simulations performed on the IEEE 39-bus benchmark using real load profiles recorded on the grid of the city of Lausanne confirm our analytical results. Our results provide a new argument for the adoption of three-phase models for BDD, as their use is a simple, yet effective measure for reducing the vulnerability of PMU measurements to TSAs.	2021-05-06	IEEE Transactions on Smart Grid
10.1111/j.1365-2966.2011.18217.x	Compressed sensing for wide-field radio interferometric imaging	For the next generation of radio interferometric telescopes it is of paramount importance to incorporate wide field-of-view (WFOV) considerations in interferometric imaging, otherwise the fidelity of reconstructed images will suffer greatly. We extend compressed sensing techniques for interferometric imaging to a WFOV and recover images in the spherical coordinate space in which they naturally live, eliminating any distorting projection. The effectiveness of the spread spectrum phenomenon, highlighted recently by one of the authors, is enhanced when going to a WFOV, while sparsity is promoted by recovering images directly on the sphere. Both of these properties act to improve the quality of reconstructed interferometric images. We quantify the performance of compressed sensing reconstruction techniques through simulations, highlighting the superior reconstruction quality achieved by recovering interferometric images directly on the sphere rather than the plane.	2011-01-01	Monthly Notices- Royal Astronomical Society
10.1063/1.4767054	Quantum dynamics study of the competing ultrafast intersystem crossing and internal conversion in the "channel 3" region of benzene	Time-resolved photoelectron spectroscopy can obtain detailed information about the dynamics of a chemical process on the femtosecond timescale. The resulting signal from such detailed experiments is often difficult to analyze and therefore theoretical calculations are important in providing support. In this paper we continue our work on the competing pathways in the photophysics and photochemistry of benzene after excitation into the "channel 3" region [R.S. Minns, D.S.N. Parker, T.J. Penfold, G.A. Worth, and H.H. Fielding, Phys. Chem. Chem. Phys. 12, 15607 (2010)] with details of the calculations shown previously, building on a vibronic coupling Hamiltonian [T.J. Penfold and G.A. Worth, J. Chem. Phys. 131, 064303 (2009)] to include the triplet manifold. New experimental data are also presented suggesting that an oscillatory signal is due to a hot band excitation. The experiments show that signals are obtained from three regions of the potential surfaces, three open channels, which are assigned with the help of simulations showing that following excitation into vibrationally excited-states of S-1 the wavepacket not only crosses through the prefulvenoid conical intersection back to the singlet ground state, but also undergoes ultrafast intersystem crossing to low lying triplet states. The model is, however, not detailed enough to capture the full details of the oscillatory signal due to the hot band. (C) 2012 American Institute of Physics. [http://dx.doi.org/10.1063/1.4767054]	2012-01-01	Journal Of Chemical Physics
10.1039/c5nr04644k	Localization of adhesins on the surface of a pathogenic bacterial envelope through atomic force microscopy	Bacterial adhesion is the first and a significant step in establishing infection. This adhesion normally occurs in the presence of flow of fluids. Therefore, bacterial adhesins must be able to provide high strength interactions with their target surface in order to maintain the adhered bacteria under hydromechanical stressing conditions. In the case of B. pertussis, a Gram-negative bacterium responsible for pertussis, a highly contagious human respiratory tract infection, an important protein participating in the adhesion process is a 220 kDa adhesin named filamentous haemagglutinin (FHA), an outer membrane and also secreted protein that contains recognition domains to adhere to ciliated respiratory epithelial cells and macrophages. In this work, we obtained information on the cell-surface localization and distribution of the B. pertussis adhesin FHA using an antibody-functionalized AFM tip. Through the analysis of specific molecular recognition events we built a map of the spatial distribution of the adhesin which revealed a non-homogeneous pattern. Moreover, our experiments showed a force induced reorganization of the adhesin on the surface of the cells, which could explain a reinforced adhesive response under external forces. This single-molecule information contributes to the understanding of basic molecular mechanisms used by bacterial pathogens to cause infectious disease and to gain insights into the structural features by which adhesins can act as force sensors under mechanical shear conditions.	2015-01-01	Nanoscale
10.1021/acsami.5b12055	Doping Evolution and Junction Formation in Stacked Cyanine Dye Light-Emitting Electrochemical Cells	Cyanine dyes are fluorescent organic salts with intrinsic conductivity for ionic and electronic charges. Recently (J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2013, 135, 18008-18011), these features have been exploited in cyanine light-emitting electrochemical cells (LECs). Here, we demonstrate that stacked, constant-voltage driven trimethine cyanine LECs with various counteranions develop a p-i-n junction that is composed of p- and n-doped zones and an intrinsic region where light-emission occurs. We introduce a method that combines spectral photocurrent response measurements with optical modeling and find that at maximum current the intrinsic region is centered at similar to 37% away from the anode. Transient capacitance, photoluminescence and attenuance experiments indicate a device situation with a narrow p-doped region, an undoped region that occupies similar to 72% of the dye layer thickness and an n-doped region with a maximum doping concentration of 0.08 dopant/cyanine molecule. Finally, we observe that during device relaxation the parent cyanines are not reformed. We ascribe this to irreversible reactions between doped cyanine radicals. For sterically conservative cyanine dyes, this suggests that undesired radical decomposition pathways limit the LEC song-term stability in general.	2016-01-01	ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces
10.1093/schbul/sbz133	Neural Compensation Mechanisms of Siblings of Schizophrenia Patients as Revealed by High-Density EEG	Visual backward masking (VBM) deficits are candidate endophenotypes of schizophrenia indexing genetic liability of the disorder. In VBM, a target is followed by a mask that deteriorates target perception. Schizophrenia patients and, to a lesser extent, their unaffected relatives show strong and reproducible VBM deficits. In patients, VBM deficits are associated with strongly decreased amplitudes in the evoked-related potentials (ERPs). Here, to unveil the neural mechanisms of VBM in schizophrenia, circumventing illness-specific confounds, we investigated the electroencephalogram correlates of VBM in unaffected siblings of schizophrenia patients. We tested 110 schizophrenia patients, 60 siblings, and 83 healthy controls. As in previous studies, patients showed strong behavioral deficits and decreased ERP amplitudes compared to controls. Surprisingly, the ERP amplitudes of siblings were even higher than the ones of controls, while their performances were similar. ERP amplitudes in siblings were found to correlate with performance. These results suggest that VBM is deteriorated in patients and siblings. However, siblings, unlike patients, can partially compensate for the deficits by over-activating a network of brain regions.	2020-01-21	Schizophrenia Bulletin
10.1021/nn200139h	In Vitro Investigation of the Cellular Toxicity of Boron Nitride Nanotubes	Nanotubes present one of the most promising opportunities in nanotechnology with a plethora of applications in nanoelectronics, mechanical engineering, as well as in biomedical technology. Due to their structure and some physical properties, boron nitride (BN) nanotubes (BNNTs) possess several advantages over carbon nanotubes (CNTs), and they are now commercially produced and used on a large scale. The human and environmental exposure to BN nanomaterials is expected to increase in the near future, and their biological responses need to be examined. Using complementary mays, we have extensively investigated the effects of BNNTs on the viability and metabolic status of different cell types: on the one hand, the effects on cells present in the lung alveoli, and on the other hand, on human embryonic kidney (HEK) cells. Our results indicate that BNNTs are cytotoxic for all cell types studied and, In most cases, are more cytotoxic than CNTs in their pristine (p-CNT) and functionalized (f-CNT) form. However, the level of toxicity and the prominent morphological alterations in the cell populations withstanding BNNT exposure are cell-type-dependent. For instance, BNNTs induced extensive multinucleated giant cell formation in macrophages and increased levels of eosinophilia in fibroblasts. Finally, our results point the toxicity of tubular nanomaterials to be strongly correlated with the cellular accumulation enhanced for straight nanotubes.	2011-01-01	Acs Nano
10.3390/jimaging2020019	Optimized Distributed Hyperparameter Search and Simulation for Lung Texture Classification in CT Using Hadoop	Many medical image analysis tasks require complex learning strategies to reach a quality of image-based decision support that is sufficient in clinical practice. The analysis of medical texture in tomographic images, for example of lung tissue, is no exception. Via a learning framework, very good classification accuracy can be obtained, but several parameters need to be optimized. This article describes a practical framework for efficient distributed parameter optimization. The proposed solutions are applicable for many research groups with heterogeneous computing infrastructures and for various machine learning algorithms. These infrastructures can easily be connected via distributed computation frameworks. We use the Hadoop framework to run and distribute both grid and random search strategies for hyperparameter optimization and cross-validations on a cluster of 21 nodes composed of desktop computers and servers. We show that significant speedups of up to 364× compared to a serial execution can be achieved using our in-house Hadoop cluster by distributing the computation and automatically pruning the search space while still identifying the best-performing parameter combinations. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first article presenting practical results in detail for complex data analysis tasks on such a heterogeneous infrastructure together with a linked simulation framework that allows for computing resource planning. The results are directly applicable in many scenarios and allow implementing an efficient and effective strategy for medical (image) data analysis and related learning approaches.	2016-01-01	Journal of Imaging
10.1116/1.4954871	Atomic bonding effects in annular dark field scanning transmission electron microscopy. I. Computational predictions	Annular dark field scanning transmission electron microscopy (ADF-STEM) image simulations were performed for zone-axis-oriented light-element single crystals, using a multislice method adapted to include charge redistribution due to chemical bonding. Examination of these image simulations alongside calculations of the propagation of the focused electron probe reveal that the evolution of the probe intensity with thickness exhibits significant sensitivity to interatomic charge transfer, accounting for observed thickness-dependent bonding sensitivity of contrast in all ADF-STEM imaging conditions. Because changes in image contrast relative to conventional neutral atom simulations scale directly with the net interatomic charge transfer, the strongest effects are seen in crystals with highly polar bonding, while no effects are seen for nonpolar bonding. Although the bonding dependence of ADF-STEM image contrast varies with detector geometry, imaging parameters, and material temperature, these simulations predict the bonding effects to be experimentally measureable. (C) 2016 American Vacuum Society.	2016-01-01	Journal Of Vacuum Science & Technology A
10.4236/msce.2017.52006	Forced Electrocodeposition of Silica Particles into Nickel Matrix by Horizontal Impinging Jet Cell	The improvement of silica particle codeposition into a nickel electrodeposited composite coating (ECC) by a double face horizontal impinging jet cell (IJC) has been studied. The microstructure of coatings was examined by means of scanning electron microscopy performed in backscattered electron mode. The embedded particles distribution was shown to be the densest and the most uniform in laminar low flow mode and when the nozzle is at a distance of 5 mm close from the cathode. Excrescences observed on the composite surface are due to the wave-like flow of the jet on the cathode surface. The silica content of the nickel composite coatings was assessed by energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy. The amount of particles embedded in the coating decreases with an increasing Reynolds number and as the nozzle-to-sample distance d becomes larger. A maximum rate of 4.43 wt% of silica has been successfully loaded at a distance d equal to 5 mm in the Ni-SiO2 composite coating.	2017-01-01	Journal of Materials Science and Chemical Engineering
10.1021/ie2016174	Biphasic Model Describing Soybean Oil Epoxidation with H2O2 in Continuous Reactors	Epoxidized soybean oil (ESBO) is produced in industry by reacting soybean oil, at 60-70 degrees C, with hydrogen peroxide in the presence of formic or acetic acid. A small amount of sulphuric or phosphoric acid is necessary to catalyze the oxidation of the carboxylic acid to the corresponding per-carboxylic acid. Per-carboxylic acid, formed in situ, migrates from the aqueous phase to the oil phase where it spontaneously reacts with the double bonds to give an oxirane ring. This reaction is extremely exothermic (Delta H = -55 kcal/mol) and must be kept under thermal control. Two undesired side reactions can occur: the oxirane ring-opening and the hydrogen peroxide decomposition. In a previous work, a biphasic kinetic model for describing the epoxidation of soybean oil in fed or pulse-fed-batch reactors has been developed and the parameters of the model have been determined by mathematical regression analysis. In the present paper, the model has been adapted to simulate also kinetic runs performed in two continuous tubular reactors of different sizes, filled with spheres of stainless steel (AISI 316) used as static mixer. The agreement found, in simulating the continuous runs, validates the developed biphasic kinetic model. This model constitutes a valid base for the design of a continuous process and for promoting the process intensification.	2012-01-01	Industrial & Engineering Chemistry Research
10.1038/s41598-017-08108-5	Porosity evolution at the brittle-ductile transition in the continental crust: Implications for deep hydro-geothermal circulation	Recently, projects have been proposed to engineer deep geothermal reservoirs in the ductile crust. To examine their feasibility, we performed high-temperature (up to 1000 degrees C), high-pressure (130 MPa) triaxial experiments on granite (initially-intact and shock-cooled samples) in which we measured the evolution of porosity during deformation. Mechanical data and post-mortem microstuctural characterisation (X-ray computed tomography and scanning electron microscopy) indicate that (1) the failure mode was brittle up to 900 degrees C (shear fracture formation) but ductile at 1000 degrees C (no strain localisation); (2) only deformation up to 800 degrees C was dilatant; (3) deformation at 900 degrees C was brittle but associated with net compaction due to an increase in the efficiency of crystal plastic processes; (4) ductile deformation at 1000 degrees C was compactant; (5) thermally-shocking the granite did not influence strength or failure mode. Our data show that, while brittle behaviour increases porosity, porosity loss is associated with both ductile behaviour and transitional behaviour as the failure mode evolves from brittle to ductile. Extrapolating our data to geological strain rates suggests that the brittle-ductile transition occurs at a temperature of 400 +/- 100 degrees C, and is associated with the limit of fluid circulation in the deep continental crust.	2017-01-01	Scientific Reports
10.1002/mrm.24406	Which prior knowledge? Quantification of in vivo brain (13) C MR spectra following (13) C glucose infusion using AMARES	The recent developments in high magnetic field (13) C magnetic resonance spectroscopy with improved localization and shimming techniques have led to important gains in sensitivity and spectral resolution of (13) C in vivo spectra in the rodent brain, enabling the separation of several (13) C isotopomers of glutamate and glutamine. In this context, the assumptions used in spectral quantification might have a significant impact on the determination of the (13) C concentrations and the related metabolic fluxes. In this study, the time domain spectral quantification algorithm AMARES (advanced method for accurate, robust and efficient spectral fitting) was applied to (13) C magnetic resonance spectroscopy spectra acquired in the rat brain at 9.4 T, following infusion of [1,6-(13) C(2) ] glucose. Using both Monte Carlo simulations and in vivo data, the goal of this work was: (1) to validate the quantification of in vivo (13) C isotopomers using AMARES; (2) to assess the impact of the prior knowledge on the quantification of in vivo (13) C isotopomers using AMARES; (3) to compare AMARES and LCModel (linear combination of model spectra) for the quantification of in vivo (13) C spectra. AMARES led to accurate and reliable (13) C spectral quantification similar to those obtained using LCModel, when the frequency shifts, J-coupling constants and phase patterns of the different (13) C isotopomers were included as prior knowledge in the analysis. Magn Reson Med, 2012. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	2013-01-01	Magnetic resonance in medicine : official journal of the Society of Magnetic Resonance in Medicine / Society of Magnetic Resonance in Medicine
10.1021/jp501481c	Kinetics of the Regeneration by Iodide of Dye Sensitizers Adsorbed on Mesoporous Titania	Regeneration of dye sensitizer molecules by reducing species contained in the electrolyte is a key mechanism in liquid dye-sensitized solar cells because it competes kinetically with a detrimental charge recombination process. Kinetics of the reduction by iodide ions of the oxidized states (S+) of two RuII complex dyes and four organic π-conjugated bridged donor−acceptor sensitizers were examined as a function of the electrolyte concentration. Results show that two different cases can be distinguished. A sublinear behavior of the regeneration rate and a plateau value reached at high bulk iodide concentrations were found for N820 ruthenium dye and interpreted as being due to an associative interaction involving the formation of (S+, I−)···I− surface complexes prior to the reaction. On the other hand, feeble reaction rates at low electrolyte concentrations and a superlinear behavior are observed predominantly for the organic dyes, pointing to a repulsive interaction between the dyed surface and iodide anions. At higher iodide bulk concentration, a linear behavior is reached, providing an estimate of a second-order rate constant. A correlation of these two opposite behaviors with the structure of the dye is observed, emphasizing the role of sulfur atoms in the association of I− anions in the dye-sensitized layer. These findings allow for a better understanding of the dye−electrolyte interaction and of the effect of the iodide concentration on the photovoltaic performances of dye-sensitized solar cells.	2014-01-01	The Journal of Physical Chemistry C
10.1016/j.jpaa.2012.08.009	Complete intersections in rational homotopy theory	We investigate various homotopy invariant formulations of commutative algebra in the context of rational homotopy theory. The main subject is the complete intersection condition, where we show that a growth condition implies a structure theorem and that modules have multiply periodic resolutions.	2013-01-01	Journal of Pure and Applied Algebra
10.1016/j.neuroimage.2009.02.023	On the origin of the MR image phase contrast: An in vivo MR microscopy study of the rat brain at 14.1 T	Recent studies at high magnetic fields using the phase of gradient-echo MR images have shown the ability to unveil cortical substructure in the human brain. To investigate the contrast mechanisms in phase imaging, this study extends, for the first time, phase imaging to the rodent brain. Using a 14.1 T horizontal bore animal MRI scanner for in vivo micro-imaging, images with an in-plane resolution of 33 mu m were acquired. Phase images revealed, often more clearly than the corresponding magnitude images, hippocampal fields, cortical layers (e. g. layer 4), cerebellar layers (molecular and granule cell layers) and small white matter structures present in the striatum and septal nucleus. The contrast of the phase images depended in part on the orientation of anatomical structures relative to the magnetic field, consistent with bulk susceptibility variations between tissues. This was found not only for vessels, but also for white matter structures, such as the anterior commissure, and cortical layers in the cerebellum.	2009-01-01	Neuroimage
10.1016/j.physletb.2013.08.030	Higgs production through vector-boson fusion at the NLO matched with parton showers	We present a study of Higgs hadroproduction through vector-boson fusion at the NLO in QCD matched with parton showers. We discuss the matching systematics affecting this process through a comparison of the aMC@NLO predictions with the POWHEG and the pure-NLO ones. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2013-01-01	Physics Letters B
10.1002/2016Wr020117	Using SAS functions and high-resolution isotope data to unravel travel time distributions in headwater catchments	We use high-resolution tracer data from an experimental site to test theoretical approaches that integrate catchment-scale flow and transport processes in a unified framework centered on selective age sampling by streamflow and evapotranspiration fluxes. Transport processes operating at the catchment scale are reflected in the evolving residence time distribution of the catchment water storage and in the age selection operated by out-fluxes. Such processes are described here through StorAge Selection (SAS) functions parameterized as power laws of the normalized rank storage. Such functions are computed through appropriate solution of the master equation defining formally the evolution of residence and travel times. By representing the way in which catchment storage generates outflows composed by water of different ages, the main mechanism regulating the tracer composition of runoff is clearly identified and detailed comparison with empirical data sets are possible. Properly calibrated numerical tools provide simulations that convincingly reproduce complex measured signals of daily deuterium content in stream waters during wet and dry periods. Results for the catchment under consideration are consistent with other recent studies indicating a tendency for natural catchments to preferentially release younger available water. The study shows that power law SAS functions prove a powerful tool to explain catchment-scale transport processes that also has potential in less intensively monitored sites.	2017-01-01	Water Resources Research
10.1016/j.cplett.2017.04.046	High photovoltage in perovskite solar cells: New physical insights from the ultrafast transient absorption spectroscopy	To understand the cause of the high open circuit photovoltage (VOC) achieved by todays' state of the art perovskite solar cells (PSCs), we examine formamidinium lead bromide CH(NH2)(2)PbBr3 films by ultrafast transient absorption spectroscopy (TAS). By using TiO2 and spiro-OMeTAD as charge extraction layers, the devices based on the CH(NH2)(2)PbBr3 films yield VOC as high as 1.5 V ascertaining their high quality. TAS establish that the presence of charge extraction layers has very little influences on the nature of a negative band at 535 nm corresponding to the bleaching of the absorption band edge and two positive bands in the CH(NH2)(2)PbBr3 films. Therefore, we contend that the V-OC in PSC is predominantly determined by the quasi Fermi level splitting within the perovskite layer. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier B. V.	2017-01-01	Chemical Physics Letters
10.1007/s13204-018-0893-7	High-temperature annealing effects on molybdenum-silicon contact substrate for vertically structured silicon quantum-dot solar cells	This paper studies the applicability of sputtered Molybdenum (Mo) thin films on silicon wafers (Mo-Si) to act as contact substrates for vertically structured Si quantum-dot (QD) solar cells. The compatibility of Mo-Si contact substrate with Si QD material under different annealing temperatures is examined. Cross sections of annealed samples show well-defined interfaces without metal penetration into the Si QD bilayer regions. Through comparing samples deposited on Mo-Si substrates with those on fused-silica substrates, we identified from Raman spectra that the presence of Mo is advantageous for the Si-crystallization process and in fact provide beneficial passivation effects on the Si QD material according to changes in photoluminescence intensity. This allows us to conclude that Mo thin films are compatible with the sputter-anneal process, and verify the feasibility of using the proposed Mo-Si contact scheme for future fabrication of Si QD solar cells.	2019-03-01	Applied Nanoscience
10.1007/s10832-009-9564-0	Effect of mechanical loading on the tuning of acoustic resonances in Ba (x) Sr1-x TiO3 thin films	The effect of mechanical loading on the tuning performance of a tunable Thin Film Bulk Acoustic Wave Resonator (TFBAR) based on a Ba0.3Sr0.7TiO3 (BST) thin film has been investigated experimentally and theoretically. A membrane-type TFBAR was fabricated by means of micromachining. The mechanical load on the device was increased stepwise by evaporating SiO2 on the backside of the membrane. The device was electrically characterized after each evaporation step and the results were compared to those obtained from modeling. The device with the smallest mechanical load exhibited a tuning of -aEuro parts per thousand 2.4% and -aEuro parts per thousand 0.6% for the resonance and antiresonance frequencies at a dc electric field of 615 kV/cm, respectively. With increasing mechanical load a decrease in the tuning performance was observed. This decrease was rather weak if the thickness of the mechanical load was smaller or comparable to the thickness of the active BST film. If the thickness of the mechanical load was larger than the thickness of the active BST layer, a significant reduction in the tuning performance was observed. The weaker tuning of the antiresonance frequency was due to a reduced tuning of the sound velocity of the BST layer with increasing dc bias. The resonance frequency showed a reduced tuning due to a decrease in the effective electromechanical coupling factor of the device with increasing mechanical load. With the help of the modeling we could de-embed the intrinsic tuning performance of a single, non-loaded BST thin film. We show that the tuning performance of the device with the smallest mechanical load we fabricated is close to the intrinsic tuning characteristics of the BST layer.	2010-01-01	Journal Of Electroceramics
10.1002/cpe.1684	A cryptographically t-private auction system	We present a cryptographically t-private protocol for electronic auctions whose low resource demands make it viable for practical use. Our construction is based on Yao's garbled circuits and pseudorandom number generators (PRNGs). Our protocol involves a field of (t +1)(2) parties for the generation of the garbled circuit and permits an arbitrary large number of bidders. The computational requirements are low: Only t + 1 parties of the field have to use the PRNG, the remaining parties execute only primitive computations (XOR, permutations and sharing). The bidders have to stay active for one round of communication, independent of each other. Each bidder has to compute only t +1 XOR-operations. We present an implementation and evaluate its performance. The observed running time of our protocol is linear in the size of the auction circuit and the number of bidders and, as expected, grows quadratically in the parameter t. Copyright (C) 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	2011-01-01	Concurrency And Computation-Practice & Experience
10.1242/dev.178582	Canonical Notch signaling controls the early thymic epithelial progenitor cell state and emergence of the medullary epithelia lineage in fetal thymus development	Thymus function depends on the epithelial compartment of the thymic stroma. Cortical thymic epithelial cells (cTECs) regulate T cell lineage commitment and positive selection, while medullary (m) TECs impose central tolerance on the T cell repertoire. During thymus organogenesis, these functionally distinct sub-lineages are thought to arise from a common thymic epithelial progenitor cell (TEPC). However, the mechanisms controlling cTEC and mTEC production from the common TEPC are not understood. Here, we show that emergence of the earliest mTEC lineage-restricted progenitors requires active NOTCH signaling in progenitor TEC and that, once specified, further mTEC development is NOTCH independent. In addition, we demonstrate that persistent NOTCH activity favors maintenance of undifferentiated TEPCs at the expense of cTEC differentiation. Finally, we uncover a cross-regulatory relationship between NOTCH and FOXN1, a master regulator of TEC differentiation. These data establish NOTCH as a potent regulator of TEPC and mTEC fate during fetal thymus development, and are thus of high relevance to strategies aimed at generating/regenerating functional thymic tissue in vitro and in vivo.	2020-06-01	Development
10.1017/S0963548317000062	Uniform s-Cross-Intersecting Families	In this paper we study a question related to the classical Erdos-Ko-Rado theorem, which states that any family of k-element subsets of the set [n] = {1,..., n} in which any two sets intersect has cardinality at most ((n-1)(k-1)). We say that two non-empty families A, B subset of (([n])(k)) are s-cross-intersecting if, for any A is an element of A, B is an element of B, we have |A boolean AND B| >= s. In this paper we determine the maximum of |A| + |B| for all n. This generalizes a result of Hilton and Milner, who determined the maximum of |A| + |B| for nonempty 1-cross-intersecting families.	2017-01-01	Combinatorics Probability & Computing
10.1149/1.1509460	Determination of Chemical Diffusion and Surface Exchange Coefficients of Oxygen by Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy	A rigorous mathematical model is developed for the complex impedance of a solid-state electrochemical cell, which is commonly used for the measurement of oxygen transport, oxygen exchange kinetics and thermodynamic properties of nonstoichiometric mixed conducting oxides. The model leads to a simple equivalent circuit for the cell with unambiguous definition of the physical significance of its components. A method is proposed for the analysis of experimental data. The methodology thus developed is validated by comparing the experimental data measured for a well-studied perovskite (SrCo0.5Fe0.503-delta) with the results obtained from the completely equivalent potential-step technique. In addition, various electrochemical properties of the other cell components, such as Pt electrodes and YSZ electrolyte, also obtainable from measurements, show good agreement with the available literature data. The cell design, which significantly minimizes the gas space in contact with the sample, has a clear advantage over similar relaxation cells in terms of reducing the dominating effect of the gas phase capacitance in numerical data analysis. A possible disadvantage, however, is the large impedance of the oxygen pump at low oxygen partial pressures, which may in a similar manner obstruct deconvolution of the sample properties from the measured data.	2002-01-01	Journal of the Electrochemical Society
10.1016/j.jphotobiol.2006.07.008	Effect of nanoparticle size on the extravasation and the photothrombic activity of meso(p-tetracarboxyphenyl)porphyrin	Particle size should be optimized to achieve targeted and extended drug delivery to the affected tissues. We describe here the effects of the mean particle size on the pharmacokinetics and photothrombic activity of meso-tetra(carboxyphenyl)porphyrin (TCPP), which is encapsulated into biodegradable nanoparticles based on poly(d,l-lactic acid). Four batches of nanoparticles with different mean sizes ranging from 121 to 343 nm, were prepared using the emulsification-diffusion technique. The extravasations of each TCPP-loaded nanoparticle formulation from blood vessels were measured, as well as the extent of photochemically induced vascular occlusion. These preclinical tests were carried out in the chorioallantoic membrane (CAM) of the chicken's embryo. Fluorescence microscopy showed that both the effective leakage of TCPP from the CAM blood vessels and its photothrombic efficiency were dependent on the size of the nanoparticle drug carrier. Indeed, the TCPP fluorescence contrast between the blood vessels and the surrounding tissue increased at the applied conditions, when the particle size decreased. This suggests that large nanoparticles are more rapidly eliminated from the bloodstream. In addition, after injection of a drug dose of 1mg/kg body weight and a drug-light application interval of 1 min, irradiation with a fluence of 10J/cm(2) showed that the extent of vascular damage gradually decreased when the particle size increased. The highest photothrombic efficiency was observed when using the TCPP-loaded nanoparticles batch with a mean diameter of 121 nm. Thus, in this range of applied conditions, for the treatment of for instance a disease like choroidal neovascularization (CNV) associated with age-related macular degeneration (AMD), these experiments suggest that the smallest nanoparticles may be considered as the optimal formulation since they exhibited the greatest extent of vascular thrombosis as well as the lowest extravasation.	2006-01-01	Journal of photochemistry and photobiology. B, Biology
10.1016/S0920-5861(97)00039-4	Bistability and oscillations of the NO/CO reaction on a Pt-Mo supported catalyst	The reaction of NO with CO on a catalyst of 0.5% Pt-3.4% MoO3 supported on a-Al2O3 was studied in different reactors at atm. pressure. A fixed-bed reactor with external recycle loop exhibited bistability and hysteresis as CO concn. or temp. were varied. In a tubular fixed-bed reactor non-isothermal periodic oscillations (DTmax = 40 K) were found in a specific pressure-concn.-temp. region (p-c-T region). The amplitude and period time of the oscillations changed smoothly inside the p-c-T region and died out suddenly at the borders of the region. The oscillations were of a relaxation type and lasted for more than 48 h. With fresh catalyst, a new quartz reactor and a specific pretreatment they were reproducible. It was shown that oscillations had kinetic origins and that the changes of the temp. synchronized the elementary oscillators. An autocatalytic model is proposed to explain the exptl. obsd. phenomena. [on SciFinder (R)]	1997-01-01	Catalysis Today
10.1021/jacs.2c01232	Imaging of Chemical Kinetics at the Water–Water Interface in a Free-Flowing Liquid Flat-Jet	We present chemical kinetics measurements of the luminol oxidation chemiluminescence (CL) reaction at the interface between two aqueous solutions, using liquid jet technology. Free-flowing liquid microjets are a relatively recent development that have found their way into a growing number of applications in spectroscopy and dynamics. A variant thereof, called flat-jet, is obtained when two cylindrical jets of a liquid are crossed, leading to a chain of planar leaf-shaped structures of the flowing liquid. We here show that in the first leaf of this chain, the fluids do not exhibit turbulent mixing, providing a clean interface between the liquids from the impinging jets. We also show, using the example of the luminol CL reaction, how this setup can be used to obtain kinetics information from friction-less flow and by circumventing the requirement for rapid mixing by intentionally suppressing all turbulent mixing and instead relying on diffusion.	2022-04-26	Journal of the American Chemical Society
10.1063/1.4908202	The temporal patterns of disease severity and prevalence in schistosomiasis	Schistosomiasis is one of the most widespread public health problems in the world. In this work, we introduce an eco-epidemiological model for its transmission and dynamics with the purpose of explaining both intra-and inter-annual fluctuations of disease severity and prevalence. The model takes the form of a system of nonlinear differential equations that incorporate biological complexity associated with schistosome's life cycle, including a prepatent period in snails (i.e., the time between initial infection and onset of infectiousness). Nonlinear analysis is used to explore the parametric conditions that produce different temporal patterns (stationary, endemic, periodic, and chaotic). For the time-invariant model, we identify a transcritical and a Hopf bifurcation in the space of the human and snail infection parameters. The first corresponds to the occurrence of an endemic equilibrium, while the latter marks the transition to interannual periodic oscillations. We then investigate a more realistic time-varying model in which fertility of the intermediate host population is assumed to seasonally vary. We show that seasonality can give rise to a cascade of period-doubling bifurcations leading to chaos for larger, though realistic, values of the amplitude of the seasonal variation of fertility. (C) 2015 AIP Publishing LLC.	2015-01-01	Chaos
10.1002/brb3.1734	Brain reactions to the use of sensorized hand prosthesis in amputees	Objective We investigated for the first time the presence of chronic changes in the functional organization of sensorimotor brain areas induced by prolonged training with a bidirectional hand prosthesis. Methods A multimodal neurophysiological and neuroimaging evaluation of brain functional changes occurring during training in five consecutive amputees participating to experimental trials with robotic hands over a period of 10 years was carried out. In particular, modifications to the functional anatomy of sensorimotor brain areas under resting conditions were explored in order to check for eventual changes with respect to baseline. Results Full evidence is provided to demonstrate brain functional changes, and some of them in both the hemispheres and others restricted to the hemisphere contralateral to the amputation/prosthetic hand. Conclusions The study describes a unique experimental experience showing that brain reactions to the prolonged use of an artificial hand can be tracked for a tailored approach to a fully embedded artificial upper limb for future chronic uses in daily activities.	2020-09-19	Brain And Behavior
10.1109/Tip.2013.2237919	Hessian Schatten-Norm Regularization for Linear Inverse Problems	We introduce a novel family of invariant, convex, and non-quadratic functionals that we employ to derive regularized solutions of ill-posed linear inverse imaging problems. The proposed regularizers involve the Schatten norms of the Hessian matrix, which are computed at every pixel of the image. They can be viewed as second-order extensions of the popular total-variation (TV) semi-norm since they satisfy the same invariance properties. Meanwhile, by taking advantage of second-order derivatives, they avoid the staircase effect, a common artifact of TV-based reconstructions, and perform well for a wide range of applications. To solve the corresponding optimization problems, we propose an algorithm that is based on a primal-dual formulation. A fundamental ingredient of this algorithm is the projection of matrices onto Schatten norm balls of arbitrary radius. This operation is performed efficiently based on a direct link we provide between vector projections onto l(q) norm balls and matrix projections onto Schatten norm balls. Finally, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods through experimental results on several inverse imaging problems with real and simulated data.	2013-01-01	Ieee Transactions On Image Processing
10.1021/acs.jpclett.1c01722	Nuclear Quantum Effects in Liquid Water at Near Classical Computational Cost Using the Adaptive Quantum Thermal Bath	We demonstrate the accuracy and efficiency of a recently introduced approach to account for nuclear quantum effects (NQEs) in molecular simulations: the adaptive quantum thermal bath (adQTB). In this method, zero-point energy is introduced through a generalized Langevin thermostat designed to precisely enforce the quantum fluctuation- dissipation theorem. We propose a refined adQTB algorithm with improved accuracy and report adQTB simulations of liquid water. Through extensive comparison with reference path integral calculations, we demonstrate that it provides excellent accuracy for a broad range of structural and thermodynamic observables as well as infrared vibrational spectra. The adQTB has a computational cost comparable to that of classical molecular dynamics, enabling simulations of up to millions of degrees of freedom.	2021-09-02	Journal Of Physical Chemistry Letters
10.1021/acs.orglett.6b00792	Alkoxy Hydrosilanes As Surrogates of Gaseous Silanes for Hydrosilylation of Alkenes	Me2SiH2, MeSiH3, and SiH4 are gaseous and flammable silanes that are inconvenient to use in chemical reactions. Catalytic amounts of a nickel pincer complex and NaO'Bu are reported to allow the synthesis of alkyl hydrosilanes from alkenes and alkoxy hydrosilanes, leading to the replacement of Me2SiH2, MeSiH3, and SiH4 by Me-2(MeO)SiH, Me(EtO)(2)SiH, and (MeO)(3)SiH in hydrosilylation reactions of alkenes. The scope and mechanism of the reactions are also described.	2016-01-01	Organic Letters
10.3389/fmech.2021.646507	A Generic Methodology for Calculating Rescheduling Time for Multiple Unexpected Events in the Era of Zero Defect Manufacturing	Nowadays, the manufacturing industry is constantly changing. Production systems must operate in a highly dynamic environment where unexpected events could occur and create disruption, making rescheduling inevitable for manufacturing companies. Rescheduling models are fundamental to the robustness of production processes. This paper proposes a model to address rescheduling caused by unexpected events, aiming to achieve the zero-defect manufacturing (ZDM) concept. The goal of the model is to incorporate traditional and ZDM–oriented events into one methodology to calculate when the next rescheduling will be performed to effectively react to unexpected events. The methodology relies on the definition of two key time parameters for each event type: event response time (RT) and event delay response time (DRT). Based on these parameters, an event management algorithm is designed to identify the optimal rescheduling solution. The DRT parameter is calculated based on a multi-parametric dynamic formula to capture the dynamics of production. Moreover, ANOM, and ANOVA methods are used to analyse the behaviour of the developed method and to assess the level of robustness of the proposed approach. Finally, a case study based on real production scenarios is conducted, a series of simulation experiments are performed, and comparisons with other rescheduling policies are presented. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed event management algorithm for managing rescheduling.	2021-04-26	Frontiers in Mechanical Engineering
10.12693/APhysPolA.117.928	Adsorption Properties of the Cu(115) Surface: Basic Interfaces	The interfaces: K/Cu(115) and CO/Cu(115) have been characterized using surface sensitive techniques, including low energy electron diffraction and photoelectron spectroscopy. K adatoms show tendency to occupy the sites close to the step edges. At low temperature (near 125 K), after completion of two layers, potassium grows in 3D islands (the Stranski-Krastanov mode). At higher temperature, e.g. at room temperature, potassium introduces reconstruction of the substrate even at low coverages. Calibration of the alkali coverage, up to completion of the first layer, using the work function changes curve has been confirmed as a very convenient and precise procedure. The adsorbed state of CO at 130 K has been identified by registration of core levels obtained by the use synchrotron radiation photoelectron spectroscopy. The characteristics of the main is and satellite peaks have been analyzed in context of substrate geometry and compared with the ones of other copper planes. There are no indications of dissociative adsorption of CO, only residual carbon and oxygen were found after adsorbate desorption around 220 K. CO molecules show a strong tendency to "on top" adsorption in sites far from the step edges of the Cu(115) surface.	2010-01-01	Acta Physica Polonica A
10.1073/pnas.2015083117	Chromatin topology and the timing of enhancer function at the HoxD locus	The HoxD gene cluster is critical for proper limb formation in tetrapods. In the emerging limb buds, different subgroups of Hoxd genes respond first to a proximal regulatory signal, then to a distal signal that organizes digits. These two regulations are exclusive from one another and emanate from two distinct topologically associating domains (TADs) flanking HoxD, both containing a range of appropriate enhancer sequences. The telomeric TAD (T-DOM) contains several enhancers active in presumptive forearm cells and is divided into two sub-TADs separated by a CTCF-rich boundary, which defines two regulatory submodules. To understand the importance of this particular regulatory topology to control Hoxd gene transcription in time and space, we either deleted or inverted this sub-TAD boundary, eliminated the CTCF binding sites, or inverted the entire T-DOM to exchange the respective positions of the two sub-TADs. The effects of such perturbations on the transcriptional regulation of Hoxd genes illustrate the requirement of this regulatory topology for the precise timing of gene activation. However, the spatial distribution of transcripts was eventually resumed, showing that the presence of enhancer sequences, rather than either their exact topology or a particular chromatin architecture, is the key factor. We also show that the affinity of enhancers to find their natural target genes can overcome the presence of both a strong TAD border and an unfavorable orientation of CTCF sites.	2020-12-08	Proceedings Of The National Academy Of Sciences Of The United States Of America
10.1103/PhysRevLett.96.157601	Origin of fine structure in Si 2p photoelectron spectra at silicon surfaces and interfaces	Using a first-principles approach, we investigate the origin of the fine structure in Si 2p photoelectron spectra at the Si(100)-(2x1) surface and at the Si(100)-SiO2 interface. Calculated and measured shifts show very good agreement for both systems. By using maximally localized Wannier functions, we clearly identify the shifts resulting from the electronegativity of second-neighbor atoms. The other shifts are then found to be proportional to the average bond-length variation around the Si atom. Hence, in combination with accurate modeling, photoelectron spectroscopy can provide a direct measure of the strain field at the atomic scale.	2006-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1137/16M106618X	Structure-Preserving Low Multilinear Rank Approximation Of Antisymmetric Tensors	This paper is concerned with low multilinear rank approximations to antisymmetric tensors, that is, multivariate arrays for which the entries change sign when permuting pairs of indices. We show which ranks can be attained by an antisymmetric tensor and discuss the adaption of existing approximation algorithms to preserve antisymmetry, most notably a Jacobi algorithm. Particular attention is paid to the important special case when choosing the rank equal to the order of the tensor. It is shown that this case can be addressed with an unstructured rank-1 approximation. This allows for the straightforward application of the higher-order power method, for which we discuss effective initialization strategies.	2017-01-01	SIAM Journal On Matrix Analysis And Applications
10.1109/MM.2011.77	Toward Dark Silicon in Servers	Server chips will not scale beyond a few tens to low hundreds of cores, and an increasing fraction of the chip in future technologies will be dark silicon that we cannot afford to power. Specialized multicore processors, however, can leverage the underutilized die area to overcome the initial power barrier, delivering significantly higher performance for the same bandwidth and power envelopes.	2011-01-01	IEEE Micro
10.1007/s12678-016-0310-5	Study of Hypochlorite Reduction Related to the Sodium Chlorate Process	Reduction of hypochlorite is the most important side reaction in the sodium chlorate reactor leading to high energy losses. Today chromate is added to the reactor solution to minimize the hypochlorite reduction but a replacement is necessary due to health and environmental risks with chromate. In order to understand the effect of different substrates on the hypochlorite reduction, alpha-FeOOH, gamma-FeOOH, Cr2O3 and CrOH3 were electrodeposited on titanium and subjected to electrochemical investigations. These substances are commonly found on cathodes in the chlorate process and can serve as model substances for the experimental investigation. The mechanism of hypochlorite reduction was also studied using DFT calculations in which the reaction at Fe(III) and Cr(III) surface sites were considered in order to single out the electrocatalytic properties. The experimental results clearly demonstrated that the chromium films completely block the reduction of hypochlorite, while for the iron oxyhydroxides the process can readily occur. Since the electrocatalytic properties per se were shown by the DFT calculations to be very similar for Fe(III) and Cr(III) sites in the oxide matrix, other explanations for the blocking ability of chromium films are addressed and discussed in the context of surface charging, reduction of anions and conduction in the deposited films. The main conclusion is that the combined effect of electronic properties and reduction of negatively charged ions can explain the reduction kinetics of hypochlorite and the effect of chromate in the chlorate process.	2016-04-21	Electrocatalysis
10.3389/fenrg.2023.1164813	On the role of energy infrastructure in the energy transition. Case study of an energy independent and CO2 neutral energy system for Switzerland	The transition towards renewable energy is leading to an important strain on the energy grids. The question of designing and deploying renewable energy technologies in symbiosis with existing grids and infrastructure is arising. While current energy system models mainly focus on the energy transformation system or only investigate the effect on one energy vector grid, we present a methodology to characterize different energy vector grids and storage, integrated into the multi-energy and multi-sector modeling framework EnergyScope. The characterization of energy grids is achieved through a traditional energy technology and grid modeling approach, integrating economic and technical parameters. The methodology has been applied to the case study of a country with a high existing transmission infrastructure density, e.g., Switzerland, switching from a fossil fuel-based system to a high share of renewable energy deployment. The results show that the economic optimum with high shares of renewable energy requires the electric distribution grid reinforcement with 2.439 GW (+61%) Low Voltage (LV) and 4.626 GW (+82%) Medium Voltage (MV), with no reinforcement required at transmission level [High Voltage (HV) and Extra High Voltage (EHV)]. The reinforcement is due to high shares of LV-Photovoltaic (PV) (15.4 GW) and MV-wind (20 GW) deployment. Without reinforcement, additional biomass is required for methane production, which is stored in 4.8–5.95 TWh methane storage tanks to compensate for seasonal intermittency using the existing gas infrastructure. In contrast, hydro storage capacity is used at a maximum of 8.9 TWh. Furthermore, the choice of less efficient technologies to avoid reinforcement results in a 8.5%–9.3% cost penalty compared to the cost of the reinforced system. This study considers a geographically averaged and aggregated model, assuming all production and consumption are made in one single spot, not considering the role of future decentralization of the energy system, leading to a possible overestimation of grid reinforcement needs.	2023-01-01	Frontiers in Energy Research
10.1002/aenm.201200285	A New Heteroleptic Ruthenium Sensitizer for Transparent Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells	A new heteroleptic ruthenium complex, coded CYC-B19, incorporating an ancillary ligand endowed with hexylthio-bithiophene segments and a conjugated anchoring ligand with vinyl groups was prepared. This new sensitizer exhibits a lower energy MLCT band centred at 562 nm with a remarkably high molar absorption coefficient of 2.97 x 104 M-1 cm-1. DFT-TDDFT theoretical calculation revealed that insertion a vinyl group in the anchoring ligand pushes the LUMO electron locating more on the anchoring ligand. This will benefit the electron transfer from dye to TiO2 when the dye molecules were excited by light. Physicochemical measurements and the optimization of electrolyte were done to investigate the potential of CYC-B19 in TiO2 scattering-layer free dye-sensitized solar cells. Not only is a good photovoltaic efficiency of 8.4% reached, but the transparent device sensitized by CYC-B19 also presents a superior spectral response to its predecessor CYC-B11.	2012-01-01	Advanced Energy Materials
10.1016/j.compscitech.2007.08.028	Cellular thermoplastic composites with microstructural gradients of fibres and porosity	New thermoplastic composites with their composition tailored at the yarn level were proposed and successfully prepared. A specific processing method was developed for composites exhibiting different fibre and porosity concentration gradients. Mechanical properties of such composites were determined by three-point bending tests. In order to carry out investigations on wide ranges of fibre and porosity fractions, a material system based on poly(lactic acid) (PLA), and continuous glass fibres was processed into a composite foam structure with up to 85% porosity and a modulus reaching 1.5 GPa. Micrographs confirmed that the fibre placement could also be controlled at a microscale as well as at the usual millimetre range. Furthermore it was shown that porosity distribution is indeed influenced by the presence of continuous reinforcing fibres. Gradient cellular composites are envisaged for bone replacement and for lightweight sandwich structures.	2008-01-01	Composites Science and Technology
10.1007/s00259-007-0635-7	Functional imaging studies of cognition using Tc-99m-HMPAO SPECT: empirical validation using the n-back working memory paradigm	Purpose Functional activation protocols are widely applied for the study of brain-cognition relations. Only few take advantage of the intrinsic characteristics of SPECT, particularly those allowing cognitive assessment outside of the camera, in settings close to the standard clinical or laboratory ones. The purpose of the study was to assess the feasibility of a split-dose activation protocol with Tc-99m-HMPAO using low irradiation dose.	2008-01-01	European Journal Of Nuclear Medicine And Molecular Imaging
10.1016/j.dam.2016.12.023	An improvement on the number of simplices in F-q(d)	Let epsilon be a set of points in F-q(d). Bennett et al. (2016) proved that if \epsilon\ >> [GRAHICS] then epsilon determines a positive proportion of all k-simplices. In this paper, we give an improvement of this result in the case when epsilon is the Cartesian product of sets. Namely, we show that if kd epsilon is the Cartesian product of sets and [GRAHICS] = o(\epsilon\), the number of congruence classes of k-simplices determined by epsilon is at least (1 - omicron(1)) [GRAPHICS] , and in some cases our result is sharp. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2017-01-01	Discrete Applied Mathematics
10.1038/s41561-022-01018-w	Substantial contribution of iodine to Arctic ozone destruction	Unlike bromine, the effect of iodine chemistry on the Arctic surface ozone budget is poorly constrained. We present ship-based measurements of halogen oxides in the high Arctic boundary layer from the sunlit period of March to October 2020 and show that iodine enhances springtime tropospheric ozone depletion. We find that chemical reactions between iodine and ozone are the second highest contributor to ozone loss over the study period, after ozone photolysis-initiated loss and ahead of bromine.	2022-09-15	Nature Geoscience
10.1021/om3008772	Chiral Monodentate Trialkylphosphines Based on the Phospholane Architecture	The development of efficient chiral monodentate phosphine ligands lags behind that of the bidentate congeners. This holds especially true for highly electron rich chiral phosphine analogues able to replace the ubiquitous tricyclohexylphosphine and tri-tert-butylphosphine in catalytic asymmetric transformations. We present a convenient and modular synthesis of a set of chiral monodentate ligands with different steric demands based on the popular phospholane scaffold. Their steric and electronic properties were determined by their corresponding nickel and palladium complexes. They represent good mimics of the popular tricyclohexylphosphine and tri-tert-butylphosphine ligands. Their potential was subsequently evaluated in palladium-catalyzed asymmetric C(sp(3))-H functionalization leading to indolines.	2012-01-01	Organometallics
10.1016/S0045-7825(99)00192-9	Factorization methods for the numerical approximation of Navier-Stokes equations	We investigate a general approach for the numerical approximation of incompressible Navier-Stokes equations based on splitting the original problem into successive subproblems which are cheaper to solve. The splitting is obtained through an algebraic approximate factorization of the matrix arising from space and time discretization of the original equations. Several schemes based on approximate factorization are investigated. For some of these methods a formal analogy with well known time advancing schemes, such as the projection Chorin-Temam's, can be pointed out. Features and limits of this analogy (that was earlier introduced in B. Perot, J. Comp. Phys. 108 (1993) 51-8) are addressed. Other, new methods can also be formulated starting from this approach: in particular, we introduce the so called Yosida method, which can be investigated in the framework of quasi-compressibility schemes. Numerical results illustrating the different performances of the different methods addressed are presented for a couple of test cases	2000-01-01	Computer Methods in Applied Mechanics and Engineering
10.1002/adfm.201906803	The Dynamic Emission Zone in Sandwich Polymer Light-Emitting Electrochemical Cells	In light-emitting electrochemical cells (LECs), the position of the emission zone (EZ) is not predefined via a multilayer architecture design, but governed by a complex motion of electrical and ionic charges. As a result of the evolution of doped charge transport layers that enclose a dynamic intrinsic region until steady state is reached, the EZ is often dynamic during turn-on. For thick sandwich polymer LECs, a continuous change of the emission color provides a direct visual indication of a moving EZ. Results from an optical and electrical analysis indicate that the intrinsic zone is narrow at early times, but starts to widen during operation, notably well before the electrical device optimum is reached. Results from numerical simulations demonstrate that the only precondition for this event to occur is that the mobilities of anions (mu(a)) and cations (mu(c)) are not equal, and the direction of the EZ shift dictates mu(c) > mu(a). Quantitative ion profiles reveal that the displacement of ions stops when the intrinsic zone stabilizes, confirming the relation between ion movement and EZ shift. Finally, simulations indicate that the experimental current peak for constant-voltage operation is intrinsic and the subsequent decay does not result from degradation, as commonly stated.	2019-11-25	Advanced Functional Materials
10.4414/SMW.2021.w30007	Modelling transport time to trauma centres and 30-day mortality in road accidents in Switzerland: an exploratory study	BACKGROUND: Rapid access to a trauma centre for severely injured road accident victims, conceptualised as the Golden Hour, links access time to definitive treatment within 1 hour of trauma with reduced risks of morbidity and mortality. Access times have not been studied in Switzerland. The aim of this work was to model the transport time by ambulance of seriously injured road traffic accident victims to one of the 12 trauma centres in Switzerland and to investigate whether this time influenced mortality.	2021-09-01	Swiss Medical Weekly
10.1103/PhysRevB.96.115149	Electronic and magnetic excitations in the half-stuffed Cu-O planes of Ba2Cu3O4Cl2 measured by resonant inelastic x-ray scattering	We use resonant inelastic x-ray scattering (RIXS) at the Cu L3 edge to measure the charge and spin excitations in the “half-stuffed” Cu-O planes of the cuprate antiferromagnet Ba2Cu3O4Cl2. The RIXS line shape reveals distinct contributions to the dd excitations from the two structurally inequivalent Cu sites, which have different out-of-plane coordinations. The low-energy response exhibits magnetic excitations. We find a spin-wave branch whose dispersion follows the symmetry of a CuO2 sublattice, similar to the case of the “fully stuffed” planes of tetragonal CuO (T-CuO). Its bandwidth is closer to that of a typical cuprate material, such as Sr2CuO2Cl2, than it is to that of T-CuO. We interpret this result as arising from the absence of the effective four-spin inter-sublattice interactions that act to reduce the bandwidth in T-CuO.	2017-01-01	Physical Review B
10.37358/MP.20.3.5392	5-Fluorouracil Release from Chitosan-Based Matrix. Experimental and Theoretical Aspects	A series of four drug release formulations based on 5-fluorouracil encapsulated into a chitosan-based matrix were prepared by in situ hydrogelation with 3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienal. The formulations were investigated from structural and morphological aspects by FTIR spectroscopy, polarized light microscopy and scanning electron microscopy. It was established that 5-fluorouracil was anchored into the matrix as crystals, whose dimension varied as a function of the crosslinking density. The in vitro drug release simulated into a media mimicking the physiological environment revealed a progressive release of the 5-fluorouracil, in close interdependence with the crosslinking density. In the context of Pharmacokinetics behavioral analysis, a new mathematical procedure for describing drug release dynamics in polymer-drug complex system is proposed. Assuming that the dynamics of polymer-drug system's structural units take place on continuous and nondifferentiable curves (multifractal curves), we show that in a one-dimensional hydrodynamic formalism of multifractal variables the drug release mechanism (Fickian diffusion, non-Fickian diffusion, etc) are given through synchronous dynamics at a differentiable and non-differentiable scale resolutions. Finally, the model is confirmed by the empirical data.	2020-09-01	Materiale Plastice
10.1016/j.patcog.2010.07.016	Graph-based classification of multiple observation sets	We consider the problem of classification of multiple observations of the same object, possibly under different transformations. We view this problem as a special case of semi-supervised learning where all unlabelled examples belong to the same unknown class. We propose a modified Transductive Support Vector Machine algorithm, which captures the specific nature of the classification problem. We further propose a lower complexity solution that is able to exploit the properties of the data manifolds with a graph-based algorithm. Hence, we formulate the computation of the unknown label matrix as a smoothing process on the manifold under the constraint that all observations represent an object of one single class. It results into a discrete optimization problem, which can be solved by an efficient and low complexity algorithm. We demonstrate the performance of the proposed algorithms in the classification of sets of multiple images. In particular, we show the high potential of the novel graph-based solution in video-based face recognition, where it outperforms state-of-the-art solutions that fall short of exploiting the manifold structure of the face image data sets.	2010-01-01	Pattern Recognition
10.1063/1.4904293	Direct path integral estimators for isotope fractionation ratios	Fractionation of isotopes among distinct molecules or phases is a quantum effect which is often exploited to obtain insights on reaction mechanisms, biochemical, geochemical, and atmospheric phenomena. Accurate evaluation of isotope ratios in atomistic simulations is challenging, because one needs to perform a thermodynamic integration with respect to the isotope mass, along with time-consuming path integral calculations. By re-formulating the problem as a particle exchange in the ring polymer partition function, we derive new estimators giving direct access to the differential partitioning of isotopes, which can simplify the calculations by avoiding thermodynamic integration. We demonstrate the efficiency of these estimators by applying them to investigate the isotope fractionation ratios in the gas-phase Zundel cation, and in a few simple hydrocarbons. (c) 2014 AIP Publishing LLC.	2014-01-01	Journal Of Chemical Physics
10.1002/sej.1196	What is an Attractive Business Opportunity? An Empirical Study of Opportunity Evaluation Decisions by Technologists, Managers, and Entrepreneurs	The subjective belief that an opportunity allows value generation is a key driver of entrepreneurial action. We advance research on opportunity evaluation by investigating how people may diverge in their views of what defines an attractive business opportunity; that is, we seek to understand heterogeneity among individuals' opportunity templates.' Using unique data from a conjoint experiment with 141 respondents (6,728 opportunity evaluations), our analysis reveals significant differences in the opportunity preferences of individuals with technological, management, and entrepreneurship experience. We also find that people with specialist experience (technology) emphasize fewer opportunity dimensions than people with generalist experience (management, entrepreneurship). Copyright (c) 2015 Strategic Management Society.	2015-01-01	Strategic Entrepreneurship Journal
10.1007/s11263-020-01385-0	Image Matching Across Wide Baselines: From Paper to Practice	We introduce a comprehensive benchmark for local features and robust estimation algorithms, focusing on the downstream task-the accuracy of the reconstructed camera pose-as our primary metric. Our pipeline's modular structure allows easy integration, configuration, and combination of different methods and heuristics. This is demonstrated by embedding dozens of popular algorithms and evaluating them, from seminal works to the cutting edge of machine learning research. We show that with proper settings, classical solutions may still outperform the perceived state of the art. Besides establishing the actual state of the art, the conducted experiments reveal unexpected properties of structure from motion pipelines that can help improve their performance, for both algorithmic and learned methods. Data and code are online (https://github.com/ubcvision/image-matching-benchmark), providing an easy-to-use and flexible framework for the benchmarking of local features and robust estimation methods, both alongside and against top-performing methods. This work provides a basis for the Image Matching Challenge (https://image-matching-challenge.github.io).	2021-01-01	International Journal Of Computer Vision
10.1002/smll.201602514	Micromechanics of Amorphous Metal/Polymer Hybrid Structures with 3D Cellular Architectures: Size Effects, Buckling Behavior, and Energy Absorption Capability	By designing advantageous cellular geometries and combining the material size effects at the nanometer scale, lightweight hybrid microarchitectured materials with tailored structural properties are achieved. Prior studies reported the mechanical properties of high strength cellular ceramic composites, obtained by atomic layer deposition. However, few studies have examined the properties of similar structures with metal coatings. To determine the mechanical performance of polymer cellular structures reinforced with a metal coating, 3D laser lithography and electroless deposition of an amorphous layer of nickel-boron (NiB) is used for the first time to produce metal/polymer hybrid structures. In this work, the mechanical response of microarchitectured structures is investigated with an emphasis on the effects of the architecture and the amorphous NiB thickness on their deformation mechanisms and energy absorption capability. Microcompression experiments show an enhancement of the mechanical properties with the NiB thickness, suggesting that the deformation mechanism and the buckling behavior are controlled by the brittle-to-ductile transition in the NiB layer. In addition, the energy absorption properties demonstrate the possibility of tuning the energy absorption efficiency with adequate designs. These findings suggest that microarchitectured metal/polymer hybrid structures are effective in producing materials with unique property combinations.	2017-01-01	Small
10.1016/j.tetasy.2004.09.029	Synthesis of C-linked analogues of beta-D-galactopyranosyl-(1 -> 3)-D-galactopyranosides and of beta-D-galactopyranosyl-(1 -> 3)-D-galactal	C-linked disaccharide derivatives mimicking O-beta-D-galactopyranosyl-(1-->3)-D-galactopyranosides (end groups in Core-B structures of biologically important proteoglycans) have been obtained from isolevoglucosenone and beta-D-galactopyranosylcarbaldehyde derivatives. The beta-D-galactopyranosyl-(1-->3)-CH(OH)-D-galactal derivatives 3a (4,6-di-O-acetyl-3-C-[(1R)-1,3,4,5,7-penta-O-acetyl-2,6-anhydro-D-glycer o-mannno-heptitol-1-C-yl]-3-deoxy-D-galactal), 3b (4,6-di-O-benzyl-3-C-[(1R)-2,6-anhydro-1,3,4,5,7-penta-O-benzyl-D-glycer ocero-L-manno-heptitol-1-C-yl]-3-deoxy-D-galactal) and the beta-D-galactopyranosyl-(1-->3)-CH2-D-galactal 3c (4,6-O-diacetyl-3-C-) [6-O-acetyl-2,3,4-tri-O-(tert-butyl)dimethylsilyl-beta-D-galactopyranosy l-methyl]-3-deoxy-D-galactal have been prepared. One of them, 3a, has been shown to be a suitable agent for the O-glycosidation and the construction of glycoconjugates bearing the beta-D-Galp-(1-->3)-CH(OH)-D-Galp-O moiety. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2004-01-01	Tetrahedron-Asymmetry
10.1021/acs.jctc.6b00145	First-Principles Photoemission Spectroscopy of DNA and RNA Nucleobases from Koopmans-Compliant Functionals	The need to interpret ultraviolet photoemission data strongly motivates the refinement of first-principles techniques that are able to accurately predict spectral properties. In this work, we employ Koopmans-compliant functionals, constructed to enforce piecewise linearity in approximate density functionals, to calculate the structural and electronic properties of DNA and RNA nucleobases. Our results show that not only ionization potentials and electron affinities are accurately predicted with mean absolute errors of <0.1 eV, but also that calculated photoemission spectra are in excellent agreement with experimental ultraviolet photo emission spectra. In particular, the role and contribution of different tautomers to the photoemission spectra are highlighted and discussed in detail. The structural properties of nucleobases are also investigated, showing an improved description with respect to local and semilocal density-functional theory. Methodologically, our results further consolidate the role of Koopmans-compliant functionals in providing, through orbital-density-dependent potentials, accurate electronic and spectral properties.	2016-01-01	Journal Of Chemical Theory And Computation
10.1039/b512077b	Comment on AC frequency characteristics of coplanar impedance sensors as design parameters by Jongin Hong, Dae Sung Yoon, Sung Kwan Kim, Tae Song Kim, Sanghyo Kim, Eugene Y. Pak and Kwangsoo No, Lab Chip, 2005, 5, 270	In their article, ‘‘AC frequency characteristics of coplanar impedance sensors as design parameters’’, Hong et al.1 present an analytical model for the calculation of the resistance between two electrodes in a microchannel. However, their measurements fit poorly with their suggested model, and they attribute the discrepancies to electrode thickness and a ‘fringing effect’. In this note we show that the discrepancies are due to the neglected channel height in their model, and that by including two additional transforma ions, the resistance between two	2005-01-01	Lab on a Chip
10.1029/2019JD031010	The Latitudinal Variability of Oceanic Rainfall Properties and Its Implication for Satellite Retrievals: 1. Drop Size Distribution Properties	In this study, we analyze an in situ shipboard global ocean drop size distribution (DSD) 8-year database to understand the underpinning microphysical reasons for discrepancies between satellite oceanic rainfall products at high latitudes reported in the literature. The natural, latitudinal, and convective-stratiform variability of the DSD is found to be large, with a substantially lower drop concentration with diameter smaller than 3 mm in the Southern hemisphere high latitude (S-highlat, south of 45 degrees S) and Northern Hemisphere polar latitude (N-polar, north of 67.5 degrees S) bands, which is where satellite rainfall products most disagree. In contrast, the latitudinal variability of the normalized oceanic DSD is small, implying that the functional form of the normalized DSD can be assumed constant and accurately parameterized using proposed fits. The S-highlat and N-polar latitude bands stand out as regions with oceanic rainfall properties different from other latitudes, highlighting fundamental differences in rainfall processes at different latitudes and associated specific challenges for satellite rainfall retrieval techniques. The most salient differences in DSD properties between these two regions and the other latitude bands are: (1) a systematically higher (lower) frequency of occurrence of rainfall rates below (above) 1 mm h(-1), (2) much lower drop concentrations, (3) very different values of the DSD shape parameter (mu(0)) from what is currently assumed in satellite radar rainfall algorithms, and (4) very different DSD properties in both the convective and stratiform rainfall regimes. Overall, this study provides insights into how DSD assumptions in satellite radar rainfall retrieval techniques could be refined.	2019-12-14	Journal Of Geophysical Research-Atmospheres
10.1016/j.jbiomech.2012.05.023	Accurate Internal-External Rotation Measurement in Total Knee Prostheses: a magnetic solution	In this work we tackled the problem of accurate measurement of internal–external (IE) rotations in the prosthetic knee. We presented a magnetic measurement system to be implanted in the knee prostheses in order to measure IE without soft tissue artifacts. The measurement system consisted of a permanent magnet attached under the tibial plate of the prosthesis and a combination of magnetic sensors in the polyethylene insert. Two different sensor configurations were designed, and five different angle estimators for measurement of IE angles were defined and tested based on several static and dynamic measurements toward a stereophotogrammetry motion capture system. Also a noise analysis was done to see which estimators are less sensitive to measurement noise. One-sensor configuration provided lower power budget with dynamic RMS error of 0.49° and a noise range of ±0.53°. Two-sensor configuration doubles the power consumption but provided slightly lower dynamic RMS error (0.37°) and a noise range of ±0.42°, and offers the possibility of having redundancy in case of damaged sensor.	2012-01-01	Journal of Biomechanics
10.1557/PROC-337-697	Investigation and characterization of thin MOCVD copper films from pyrazolylboratocopper(I) complexes	Thin Cu layers were prepd. via MOCVD from volatile pyrazolylboratoCu(I) complexes. Expts. involved CVD in a low pressure reactor between 150-350 Deg in H2/N2/He mixts. were carried out. Substrate temp., source temp. and gas compn. were varied to obtain the optimum growth rate. The Cu layers were characterized by optical microscopy and SEM, XRD, and WDX. The metallic nature of the deposited films was proved by a four-point-probe measurement of the elec. resistivity. A selective deposition on metal seeded surface sites was obsd. on Au, Al, Pt and W vs. SiO2. Antiselective deposition was achieved on Pd seeded samples.	1994-01-01	MRS Proceedings
10.1016/S0040-4020(01)88359-9	Total, Asymmetric-Synthesis of (1r)-1-C-(6'-Amino-7'h-Purin-8'-Yl)-1,4-Anhydro-3-Azido-2,3-Dideoxy-D-Er Ythro-Pentitol	The "naked sugar" (+)-(1R,2R,4R)-2-cyano-7-oxabicyclo[2.2.1]hept-5-en-2-exo-yl acetate ((+)-3) was converted in ten synthetic steps into the new C-nucleoside (1R)-1-C-(6'-amino-7'H-purin-8'-yl)-1,4-anhydro-3-azido-2,3-dideoxy-D-er ythro-pentitol ((+)-2) in 19% overall yield.	1992-01-01	Tetrahedron
10.1039/c2cp41437f	Differential capacitance of liquid/liquid interfaces of finite thicknesses: a finite element study	Finite element simulations were used to investigate the effect of a smooth variation of permittivity across a polarized liquid/liquid interface on the differential capacitance. The results show that a relative permittivity profile can account for the variation of ion solvation in the interfacial region, and therefore upon the diffuse double layer itself. The width and the symmetry of this profile across the interface are shown to be crucial parameters for interfacial distributions and fitting of capacitance data has been used to estimate the width of the interfacial region.	2012-01-01	Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics
10.3390/su10124593	The Resilience of Sustainability Transitions	Finding ways to understand, analyze, and manage sustainability transitions is a fundamental challenge for sustainability science. In this paper, we show how we can substantially deepen our understanding of factors that determine the success of sustainability transitions by combining two key concepts from the resilience literature—stability and adaptability—with a dynamic understanding of the progress of socio-technical transitions. We propose a conceptual perspective for sustainability transitions, the resilience of sustainability transitions (RST) concept, which integrates progress, stability, and adaptability as key dimensions to comprehend the dynamics of sustainability transitions. In a case analysis of the energy transition process in the Austrian region of Weiz-Gleisdorf, we apply the concept. In doing so, we illustrate how RST thinking helps identify and understand crucial elements that influence the dynamics of a sustainability transition process.	2018-12-04	Sustainability
10.1016/j.concog.2016.05.005	Does sensitivity in binary choice tasks depend on response modality?	In most models of vision, a stimulus is processed in a series of dedicated visual areas, leading to categorization of this stimulus, and possible decision, which subsequently may be mapped onto a motor-response. In these models, stimulus processing is thought to be independent of the response modality. However, in theories of event coding, common coding, and sensorimotor contingency, stimuli may be very speciﬁcally mapped onto certain motor-responses. Here, we compared performance in a shape localization task and used three different response modalities: manual, saccadic, and verbal. Meta-contrast masking was employed at various inter-stimulus intervals (ISI) to manipulate target visibility. Although we found major differences in reaction times for the three response modalities, accuracy remained at the same level for each response modality (and all ISIs). Our results support the view that stimulus-response (S-R) associations exist only for speciﬁc instances, such as reﬂexes or skills, but not for arbitrary S-R pairings.	2016-01-01	Consciousness and Cognition
10.1016/j.solener.2015.03.018	Facile preparation of micron- and nano-scale textured master for nano-imprinting front electrode in thin-film silicon tandem cells with improved light trapping	This paper reports a facile method to prepare a textured surface with combined micron- and nano-scale surface features, which is used as master for nano-imprinting process to obtain transparent front electrodes in thin-film silicon tandem cells. The micron- and nano-scale surface features of the master are formed by combination of SiO2 sphere pre-deposition and ZnO textured growth. The master exhibits an averaged total transmittance value of 89.7% and an averaged haze value of 54.1% for the wavelength from 380 to 1100 urn. Comparing to the flat reference cell, the thin-film Si tandem cell deposited on the superstrate prepared using this master shows substantial decrease in reflectance at long wavelengths and drastic gain in the photocurrent of the bottom cell, the maximum summed current is enhanced by 35.5%, and the convert efficiency is improved from 8% to 10.0 +/- 0.3%. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2015-01-01	Solar Energy
10.1177/178359171001100204	Regulatory Governance Costs in Network Industries: Observations in Postal Regulation	The various actors in the regulated industries relate to each other within a broader institutional framework, i.e., by way of formal and informal rules. An important role in the implementation of liberalization processes is given to regulation and thus to regulatory institutions. The rationale for regulation is its positive effect on society by correcting market failures. But regulatory intervention also causes costs which we call “costs of regulatory governance”. These costs result from negative consequences caused by regulatory requirements and from the implementation of regulatory instruments. These costs will depend upon the formal and informal rules among the involved actors, upon the allocation of property rights among these actors, as well as upon the various principal-agent or more generally contractual relationships among these actors. We distinguish between direct and indirect costs of regulation: Direct costs occur in relation with the institutional design of the regulatory framework and the behaviour of actors. Indirect costs result from distorted incentives and finally turn out in an inefficient supply of goods and services. Using the example of the Swiss postal market we offer a first outline of a possible application of the framework. In this article we neither intend to quantify regulatory costs nor do we question regulation per se. We rather present a qualitative framework which helps to structure a discussion about regulatory challenges in network industries.	2010-01-01	Competition and Regulation in Network Industries
10.3151/jact.19.864	Numerical Generation and Contact Analysis of Rough Surfaces in Concrete	In concrete structures, opened cracks contribute significantly to the transfer of shear and normal stresses through the contact forces occurring between fractured surfaces. Such contact forces are due to protruding asperities, engaged by interlocking and friction. In this paper, the role played by roughness on shear resistance is investigated numerically. First, micro computed tomography and digital microscope measures of concrete surfaces are used to validate a novel numerical generator of realistic cracked concrete surfaces. Secondly, a contact solver based on the boundary integral approach allows an extremely fine description of typical cracked surface topologies. Roughness changes drastically the predictions, so that the shear resistance computed numerically matches the prior experimental results reported in the literature. The proposed model does not need any fitting procedure, making it a reliable and physically based method for predicting shear transfer phenomena in concrete. An empirical power-law predicting the shear resistance in concrete is a direct outcome, which accounts for micro-scale roughness and aggregate distribution.	2021-07-01	Journal Of Advanced Concrete Technology
10.1162/10636560152642887	Evolution of Adaptive Synapses: Robots with Fast Adaptive Behavior in New Environments	This paper is concerned with adaptation capabilities of evolved neural controllers. We propose to evolve mechanisms for parameter self-organization instead of evolving the parameters themselves. The method consists of encoding a set of local adaptation rules that synapses follow while the robot freely moves in the environment. In the experiments presented here, the performance of the robot is measured in environments that are different in significant ways from those used during evolution. The results show that evolutionary adaptive controllers solve the task much faster and better than evolutionary standard fixed-weight controllers, that the method scales up well to large architectures, and that evolutionary adaptive controllers can adapt to environmental changes that involve new sensory characteristics (including transfer from simulation to reality and across different robotic platforms) and new spatial relationships.	2001-01-01	Evolutionary Computation
10.1088/1741-4326/aaa340	Correlation of the tokamak H-mode density limit with ballooning stability at the separatrix	We show for JET and ASDEX Upgrade, based on Thomson-scattering measurements, a clear correlation of the density limit of the tokamak H-mode high-confinement regime with the approach to the ideal ballooning instability threshold at the periphery of the plasma. It is shown that the MHD ballooning parameter at the separatrix position alpha(sep) increases about linearly with the separatrix density normalized to Greenwald density, n(e,sep)/n(GW) for a wide range of discharge parameters in both devices. The observed operational space is found to reach at maximum n(e,sep)/n(GW) approximate to 0.4-0.5 at values for alpha(sep) approximate to 2-2.5, in the range of theoretical predictions for ballooning instability. This work supports the hypothesis that the H-mode density limit may be set by ballooning stability at the separatrix.	2018-03-01	Nuclear Fusion
10.1109/4.933457	A low-power 1-GHz super-regenerative transceiver with time-shared PLL control	A low-power transceiver for ISM applications in the 868-MHz band has been integrated in a 0.8-μm BiCMOS technology. The receiver part is based on the super-regenerative principle. The system includes two time-shared control loops, one for the selectivity and sensitivity control and one for the frequency control (PLL). The receiver with its PLL draws 3.6 mW for a sensitivity of -105 dBm and the emitter current consumption is 6mA for a 0-dBm output power. A 2.4-V operation voltage allow the usage of a two-batteries solution.	2001-01-01	IEEE Journal of Solid-State Circuits
10.1055/s-2006-944198	Palladium-Catalyzed Desulfitative Mizoroki-Heck Coupling Reactions of Sulfonyl Chlorides with Olefins in a Nitrile-functionalized Ionic Liquid	Aryl and alkenyl sulfonyl chlorides can be used in Heck-Mizoroki-type couplings with mono- and disubstituted olefins in a nitrile-functionalized ionic liquid, viz. [C3CNpy][Tf2N]. Advan­tages over previously reported methods include: (1) use of a cheap catalyst source, PdCl2, (2) ability to handle the catalyst in air, (3) ­reduced reaction times, (4) elimination of phase-transfer catalysts due to the high solubility of the inorganic base in the ionic liquid, and (5) facile recycling of the ionic liquid-palladium catalyst. The yields of coupling products remain in the same range as the reactions conducted in organic solvents. Palladium nanoparticles, characterized using transmission electron microscopy, have been identified in the ionic liquid following the Heck-Mizoroki type ­coupling reactions.	2006-01-01	Synlett
10.1016/j.jcmgh.2021.01.019	SMN Depleted Mice Offer a Robust and Rapid Onset Model of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease	BACKGROUND & AIMS: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is considered a health epidemic with potential devastating effects on the patients and the healthcare systems. Current preclinical models of NAFLD are invariably imperfect and generally take a long time to develop. A mouse model of survival motor neuron (SMN) depletion (Smn(2B/-) mice) was recently shown to develop significant hepatic steatosis in less than 2 weeks from birth. The rapid onset of fatty liver in Smn(2B/-) mice provides an opportunity to identify molecular markers of NAFLD. Here, we investigated whether Smn(2B/-) mice display typical features of NAFLD/nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). METHODS: Biochemical, histologic, electron microscopy, proteomic, and high-resolution respirometry were used. RESULTS: The Smn(2B/-) mice develop microvesicular steatohepatitis within 2 weeks, a feature prevented by AAV9-SMN gene therapy. Although fibrosis is not overtly apparent in histologic sections of the liver, there is molecular evidence of fibrogenesis and presence of stellate cell activation. The consequent liver damage arises from mitochondrial reactive oxygen species production and results in hepatic dysfunction in protein output, complement, coagulation, iron homeostasis, and insulin-like growth factor-1 metabolism. The NAFLD phenotype is likely due to non-esterified fatty acid overload from peripheral lipolysis subsequent to hyperglucagonemia compounded by reduced muscle use and insulin resistance. Despite the low hepatic mitochondrial content, isolated mitochondria show enhanced beta-oxidation, likely as a compensatory response, resulting in the production of reactive oxygen species. In contrast to typical NAFLD/NASH, the Smn(2B/-) mice lose weight because of their associated neurological condition (spinal muscular atrophy) and develop hypoglycemia. CONCLUSIONS: The Smn(2B/-) mice represent a good model of microvesicular steatohepatitis. Like other models, it is not representative of the complete NAFLD/NASH spectrum. Nevertheless, it offers a reliable, low-cost, early-onset model that is not dependent on diet to identify molecular players in NAFLD pathogenesis and can serve as one of the very few models of microvesicular steatohepatitis for both adult and pediatric populations.	2021-01-01	Cellular And Molecular Gastroenterology And Hepatology
10.1016/j.ceb.2023.102157	Cellularization across eukaryotes: Conserved mechanisms and novel strategies	Many eukaryotes form multinucleated cells during their devel-opment. Some cells persist as such during their lifetime, others choose to cleave each nucleus individually using a specialized cytokinetic process known as cellularization. What is cellula-rization and how is it achieved across the eukaryotic tree of life? Are there common pathways among all species support-ing a shared ancestry, or are there key differences, suggesting independent evolutionary paths? In this review, we discuss common strategies and key mechanistic differences in how cellularization is executed across vastly divergent eukaryotic species. We present a number of novel methods and non -model organisms that may provide important insight into the evolutionary origins of cellularization.	2023-02-01	Current Opinion In Cell Biology
10.1039/d3tc00200d	Synthesis of polysiloxane elastomers modified with sulfonyl side groups and their electromechanical response	Dielectric elastomer transducers are elastic capacitors that respond to mechanical or electrical stress. They can be used in applications such as millimeter-sized soft robots and harvesters of the energy contained in ocean waves. The dielectric component of these capacitors is a thin elastic film, preferably made of a material having a high dielectric permittivity. When properly designed, these materials convert electrical energy into mechanical energy and vice versa, as well as thermal energy into electrical energy and vice versa. Whether a polymer can be used for one or the other application is determined by its glass transition temperature (T-g), which should be significantly below room temperature for the former and around room temperature for the latter function. Herein, we report a polysiloxane elastomer modified with polar sulfonyl side groups to contribute to this field with a powerful new material. This material has a dielectric permittivity as high as 18.4 at 10 kHz and 20 degrees C, a relatively low conductivity of 5 x 10(-10) S cm(-1), and a large actuation strain of 12% at an electric field of 11.4 V mu m(-1) (0.25 Hz and 400 V). At 0.5 Hz and 400 V, the actuator showed a stable actuation of 9% over 1000 cycles. The material exhibited a T-g of -13.6 degrees C, which although is well below room temperature affected the material's response in actuators, which shows significant differences in the response at different frequencies and temperatures and in films with different thicknesses.	2023-05-18	Journal Of Materials Chemistry C
10.1109/TITS.2011.2141991	Identification and Analysis of Queue Spillovers in City Street Networks	We propose a methodology for identifying queue spillovers in city street networks with signalized intersections using data from conventional surveillance systems, such as counts and occupancy from loop detectors. The key idea of the proposed methodology is that when spillovers from a downstream link block vehicle departures from the upstream signal line, queues discharge at rates smaller than the saturation flow. The application of the methodology on an arterial site and the comparison with field data show that it consistently identifies spillovers in urban networks with signal-controlled intersections. The method is extended to account for the variations in vehicle lengths. We also investigate the significant effect of spillovers in congestion and show that a macroscopic diagram that connects spillovers with vehicle density exists in large-scale congested urban networks.	2011-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems
10.1016/j.sse.2011.10.024	Analysis of defect capture cross sections using non-radiative multiphonon-assisted trapping model	A multiphonon-assisted model included in a Poisson-Schroedinger solver has been applied to the calculation of the capture/emission trapping rates of CMOS oxide interface defects. The dependencies of trap capture cross-sections with trap energy, depth, applied bias and temperature have been extracted, with the purpose of evaluating the accuracy of constant cross-section models adopted in compact and empirical approaches. The model has been applied to the extraction of interface trap concentrations and to the accurate AC analysis of the trap frequency response.	2012-01-01	Solid-State Electronics
10.1038/s41586-019-1576-6	Synaptic proximity enables NMDAR signalling to promote brain metastasis	Metastasis-the disseminated growth of tumours in distant organs-underlies cancer mortality. Breast-to-brain metastasis (B2BM) is a common and disruptive form of cancer and is prevalent in the aggressive basal-like subtype, but is also found at varying frequencies in all cancer subtypes. Previous studies revealed parameters of breast cancer metastasis to the brain, but its preference for this site remains an enigma. Here we show that B2BM cells co-opt a neuronal signalling pathway that was recently implicated in invasive tumour growth, involving activation by glutamate ligands of N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors (NMDARs), which is key in model systems for metastatic colonization of the brain and is associated with poor prognosis. Whereas NMDAR activation is autocrine in some primary tumour types, human and mouse B2BM cells express receptors but secrete insufficient glutamate to induce signalling, which is instead achieved by the formation of pseudo-tripartite synapses between cancer cells and glutamatergic neurons, presenting a rationale for brain metastasis.	2019-09-26	Nature
10.1016/j.jmbbm.2014.10.010	Improving hydrogels’ toughness by increasing the dissipative properties of their network	The weak mechanical performance and fragility of hydrogels limit their application as biomaterials for load bearing applications. The origin of this weakness has been explained by the low resistance to chains breakage composing the hydrogel and to the cracks propagation in the hydrogel submitted to loading conditions. These low resistance and crack propagation were in turn related to an insufficient energy dissipation mechanism in the hydrogel structure. The goal of this study is to evaluate the dissipation mechanism in covalently bonded hydrogels so that tougher hydrogels can be developed while keeping for the hydrogel a relatively high mechanical stiffness. By varying parameters such as cross-linker type or concentration as well as water ratio, the dissipative properties of HEMA-based hydrogels were investigated at large deformations. Different mechanisms such as special friction-like phenomena, nanoporosity, and hydrophobicity were proposed to explain the dissipative behavior of the tested hydrogels. Based on this analysis, it was possible to develop hydrogels with increased toughness properties.	2015-01-01	Journal of the Mechanical Behavior of Biomedical Materials
10.1002/adma.201606398	High Temperature-Stable Perovskite Solar Cell Based on Low-Cost Carbon Nanotube Hole Contact	Mixed ion perovskite solar cells (PSC) are manufactured with a metal-free hole contact based on press-transferred single-walled carbon nanotube (SWCNT) film infiltrated with 2,2,7,-7-tetrakis(N, N-di-p-methoxyphenylamine)-9,90-spirobifluorene (Spiro-OMeTAD). By means of maximum power point tracking, their stabilities are compared with those of standard PSCs employing spin-coated Spiro-OMeTAD and a thermally evaporated Au back contact, under full 1 sun illumination, at 60 degrees C, and in a N-2 atmosphere. During the 140 h experiment, the solar cells with the Au electrode experience a dramatic, irreversible efficiency loss, rendering them effectively nonoperational, whereas the SWCNT-contacted devices show only a small linear efficiency loss with an extrapolated lifetime of 580 h.	2017-01-01	Advanced Materials
10.1016/j.jinorgbio.2022.112043	Competitive binding studies of the nucleosomal histone targeting drug, [Ru (eta(6)-p-cymene)Cl-2(pta)] (RAPTA-C), with oligonucleotide-peptide mixtures	Protein crystallography and biochemical assays reveal that the organometallic drug, [Ru(eta(6)-p-cymene)Cl-2(pta)] (RAPTA-C), preferentially binds to nucleosomal histone proteins in chromatin. To better understand the binding mechanism we report here a mass spectrometric-based competitive binding study between a model peptide from the acidic patch region of the H2A histone protein (the region where RAPTA-C is known to bind) and an oligonucleotide. In contrast to the protein crystallography and biochemical assays, RAPTA-C preferentially binds to the oligonucleotide, confirming that steric factors, rather than electronic effects, primarily dictate binding of RAPTA-C to histone proteins within the nucleosome.	2023-01-01	Journal Of Inorganic Biochemistry
10.1103/PhysRevFluids.3.073603	Edge states control droplet breakup in subcritical extensional flows	A fluid droplet suspended in an extensional flow of moderate intensity may break into pieces, depending on the amplitude of the initial droplet deformation. In subcritical uniaxial extensional flow the nonbreaking base state is linearly stable, implying that only a finite-amplitude perturbation can trigger breakup. Consequently, the stable base solution is surrounded by its finite basin of attraction. The basin boundary, which separates initial droplet shapes returning to the nonbreaking base state from those becoming unstable and breaking up, is characterized using edge tracking techniques. We numerically construct the edge state, a dynamically unstable equilibrium whose stable manifold forms the basin boundary. The edge state equilibrium controls if the droplet breaks and selects a unique path towards breakup. This path physically corresponds to the well-known end-pinching mechanism. Our results thereby rationalize the dynamics observed experimentally [H. A. Stone and L. G. Leal, J. Fluid Mech. 206, 223 (1989)].	2018-07-18	Physical Review Fluids
10.2533/000942904777677065	Swiss SOFC Integration Activities : Stacks, Systems, and Applications	Solid Oxide Fuel Cell (SOFC) application development is very well represented in Switzerland by two companies. Sulzer Hexis AG is one of the world leaders in the commercialization of SOFC systems for single family houses. A smaller company, HTceramix, is active in novel processing routes for cells and in innovative stack designs. This article first presents the benefits of implementing SOFC in selected applications and markets. Then the current state-of-the-art in stacking is described for both Swiss stack designs, looking at power density, and electrical efficiency. It is remarkable that both stacks currently exhibit a unique characteristic in SOFC design: the absence of side sealing, which permits to significantly simplify the stack assembly and thus improve its reliability. Finally, the two generations of SOFC systems produced by Sulzer Hexis are presented. The HXS 1000 Premiere preseries system is evaluated on the basis of the extended demonstration program currently underway where 110 systems are in operation in single family houses and public buildings. The near-series system is then introduced with respect to the identified needs in reduction of investment and operating costs as well as size and weight.	2004-01-01	Chimia
10.1016/j.jet.2012.05.003	Rational asset pricing bubbles and portfolio constraints	This article shows that portfolio constraints can give rise to rational asset pricing bubbles in equilibrium even if there are unconstrained agents in the economy who can benefit from the induced limited arbitrage opportunities. Furthermore, it is shown that bubbles can lead to both multiplicity and real indeterminacy of equilibria. The general results are illustrated by two explicitly solved examples where seemingly innocuous portfolio constraints make bubbles a necessary condition for the existence of an equilibrium. (c) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2012-01-01	Journal Of Economic Theory
10.1021/cm400796u	Co(III) Complexes as p-Dopants in Solid-State Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells	Following our recent work on the use of Co(III) complexes as p-type dopants for triarylamine-based organic hole-conductors, we herein report on two new Co(III) complexes for doping applications. With the aim of ameliorating the dopant's suitability for its use in solid-state dye-sensitized solar cells, we show how the properties of the dopant can be easily adjusted by a slight modification of the molecular structure. We prove the eligibility of the two new dopants by characterizing their optical and electrochemical properties and give evidence that both of them can be used to oxidize the molecular hole-transporter spiro-MeOTAD. Finally, we fabricate high-performance solid-state dye-sensitized solar cells using a state-of-the-art metal-free organic sensitizer in order to elucidate the influence of the type of dopant on device performance.	2013-01-01	Chemistry Of Materials
10.1039/B408938C	Dual-functionalised ionic liquids: synthesis and characterisation of imidazolium salts with a nitrile-functionalised anion	A series of 'dual-functionalised' ionic liquids, comprising imidazolium cations with various functionalities and the nitrile functionalised anion [CH3H(BF3)CH2CN](-) have been prepared; some exhibit very low viscosities-a highly valuable property in many applications.	2004-01-01	Chemical Communications
10.1136/bmjopen-2022-065830	'connEcted caesarean section': creating a virtual link between MOthers and their infanTs to ImprOve maternal childbirth experieNce - study protocol for a PILOT trial (e-motion-pilot)	IntroductionOne-third of mothers rate their childbirth as traumatic. The prevalence of childbirth-related post-traumatic stress disorder (CB-PTSD) is 4.7%. Skin-to-skin contact is a protective factor against CB-PTSD. However, during a caesarean section (CS), skin-to-skin contact is not always feasible and mothers and infants are often separated. In those cases, there is no validated and available solution to substitute this unique protective factor. Based on the results of studies using virtual reality and head-mounted displays (HMDs) and studies on childbirth experience, we hypothesise that enabling the mother to have a visual and auditory contact with her baby could improve her childbirth experience while she and her baby are separated. To facilitate this connection, we will use a two-dimensional 360 degrees camera filming the baby linked securely to an HMD that the mother can wear during the end of the surgery.Methods and analysisThis study protocol describes a monocentric open-label controlled pilot trial with minimal risk testing the effects of a visual and auditory contact via an HMD worn by the mother airing a live video of her newborn compared with treatment-as-usual in 70women after CS. The first 35 consecutive participants will be the control group and will receive the standard care. The next 35 consecutive participants will have the intervention. The primary outcome will be differences in maternal childbirth experience (Childbirth Experience Questionnaire 2) at 1-week postpartum between the intervention and control groups. Secondary outcomes will be CB-PTSD symptoms, birth satisfaction, mother-infant bonding, perceived pain and stress during childbirth, maternal anxiety and depression symptoms, anaesthesiological data and acceptability of the procedure.Ethics and disseminationEthics approval was granted by the Human Research Ethics Committee of the Canton de Vaud (study number 2022-00215). Dissemination of results will occur via national and international conferences, peer-reviewed journals, public conferences and social media.Trial registration numberNCT05319665.	2023-06-01	Bmj Open
10.1002/elps.201100059	A novel approach to dielectrophoresis using carbon electrodes	Carbon-electrode dielectrophoresis (carbon-DEP) is demonstrated here as an alternative to more traditional DEP techniques. Carbon-DEP combines advantages of metal-electrode and insulator-based DEP by using low-cost fabrication techniques and low voltages for particle manipulation. The use of 3-D electrodes is proved to yield significant advantages over the use of traditional planar electrodes. This paper details the fabrication of dense arrays of tall high aspect ratio carbon electrodes on a transparent fused-silica substrate. The shrinkage of the SU-8 structures during carbonization is characterized and a design tool for future devices is provided. Applications of carbon electrodes in DEP are then detailed and include particle positioning, high-throughput filtering and cell focusing using positive-DEP. Manipulated cells include Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Drosophila melanogaster. The advantages and disadvantages of carbon-DEP are discussed at the end of this work.	2011-01-01	ELECTROPHORESIS
10.1021/acs.nanolett.9b03844	Gap-Plasmon-Enhanced High-Spatial-Resolution Imaging by Photothermal-Induced Resonance in the Visible Range	Chemical characterization at the nanoscale is of significant importance for many applications in physics, analytical chemistry, material science, and biology. Despite the intensive studies in the infrared range, high-spatial resolution and high-sensitivity imaging for compositional identification in the visible range is rarely exploited. In this work, we present a gap-plasmon-enhanced imaging approach based on photothermal-induced resonance (PTIR) for nano scale chemical identification. With this approach, we experimentally obtained a high spatial resolution of similar to 5 nm for rhodamine nanohill characterization and achieved mono-layer sensitivity for mapping the single-layer chlorophyll-a islands with the thickness of only 1.9 nm. We also successfully characterized amyloid fibrils stained with methylene blue dye, indicating that this methodology can be also utilized for identification of the radiation-insensitive macromolecules. We believe that our proposed high-performance visible PTIR system can be used to broaden the applications of nanoscale chemical identification ranging from nanomaterial to life science areas.	2019-11-01	Nano Letters
10.3389/fenrg.2020.573290	Grid-Aware Layout of Photovoltaic Panels in Sustainable Building Energy Systems	In the context of increasing concern for anthropogenic CO2 emissions, the residential building sector still represents a major contributor to energy demand. The integration of renewable energy sources, and particularly of photovoltaic (PV) panels, is becoming an increasingly widespread solution for reducing the carbon footprint of building energy systems (BES). However, the volatility of the energy generation and its mismatch with the typical demand patterns are cause for concern, particularly from the viewpoint of the management of the power grid. This paper aims to show the influence of the orientation of photovoltaic panels in designing new BES and to provide support to the decision making process of optimal PV placing. The subject is addressed with a mixed integer linear optimization problem, with costs as objectives and the installation, tilt, and azimuth of PV panels as the main decision variables. Compared with existing BES optimization approaches reported in literature, the contribution of PV panels is modeled in more detail, including a more accurate solar irradiation model and the shading effect among panels. Compared with existing studies in PV modeling, the interaction between the PV panels and the remaining units of the BES, including the effects of optimal, scheduling is considered. The study is based on data from a residential district with 40 buildings in western Switzerland. The results confirm the relevant influence of PV panels’ azimuth and tilt on the performance of BES. Whereas south-orientation remains the most preferred choice, west-orientationed panels better match the demand when compared with east-orientationed panels. Apart from the benefits for individual buildings, an appropriate choice of orientation was shown to benefit the grid: rotating the panels 20° westwards can, together with an appropriate scheduling of the BES, reduce the peak power of the exchange with the power grid by 50% while increasing total cost by only 8.3%. Including the more detailed modeling of the PV energy generation demonstrated that assuming horizontal surfaces can lead to inaccuracies of up to 20% when calculating operating expenses and electricity generated, particularly for high levels of PV penetration.	2021-02-18	Frontiers in Energy Research
10.1016/j.sna.2003.07.007	A low-cost inductive proximity sensor for industrial applications	In this paper,we present an inductive proximity sensor with fully integrated electronics. The sensor with the compact hybrid configuration is composed of a sensing flat coil and an integrated electronic interface. We focused during the development on the temperature stability and robustness of the sensor by keeping its low-fabrication cost. The sensor exhibits a longitudinal resolution of 120 nm for an aluminum target position up to 500um from the sensing coil with the side size of 3.5 mm. The temperature drift of the sensor is less than 700 ppm/◦C for the same range of the target position. The total working range is from 100 to 1500um. The sensor power consumption is 100mW and the active sensor dimensions are 3.5mm×3.5mm×1.2 mm.We also showed the facility of the sensor packaging. This kind of integrated sensor has the potential for even more industrial applications.	2004-01-01	Sensors and Actuators A
10.1167/17.1.23	What is new in perceptual learning?	What is new in perceptual learning? In the early days of research, specificity was the hallmark of perceptual learning; that is, improvements following training were limited to the trained stimulus features. For example, training with a stimulus improves performance for this stimulus but not for the same stimulus when rotated by 908 (Ball & Sekuler, 1987; Spang, Grimsen, Herzog, & Fahle, 2010). Because of this specificity, learning was thought to be mediated by neural changes at the early stages of vision. In the last decade, many procedures were discovered in which transfer occurs from trained to untrained conditions under certain conditions. The location of learning is now often thought to occur in higher stage of vision and decision-making. This special issue shows how the field has progressed along these lines.	2017-01-01	Journal of Vision
10.5194/acp-20-3249-2020	Aerosol pH and liquid water content determine when particulate matter is sensitive to ammonia and nitrate availability	Nitrogen oxides (NOx) and ammonia (NH3) from anthropogenic and biogenic emissions are central contributors to particulate matter (PM) concentrations worldwide. The response of PM to changes in the emissions of both compounds is typically studied on a case-by-case basis, owing in part to the complex thermodynamic interactions of these aerosol precursors with other PM constituents. Here we present a simple but thermodynamically consistent approach that expresses the chemical domains of sensitivity of aerosol particulate matter to NH3 and HNO3 availability in terms of aerosol pH and liquid water content. From our analysis, four policy-relevant regimes emerge in terms of sensitivity: (i) NH3 sensitive, (ii) HNO3 sensitive, (iii) NH3 and HNO3 sensitive, and (iv) insensitive to NH3 or HNO3. For all regimes, the PM remains sensitive to nonvolatile precursors, such as nonvolatile cations and sulfate. When this framework is applied to ambient measurements or predictions of PM and gaseous precursors, the “chemical regime” of PM sensitivity to NH3 and HNO3 availability is directly determined. The use of these regimes allows for novel insights, and this framework is an important tool to evaluate chemical transport models. With this extended understanding, aerosol pH and associated liquid water content naturally emerge as previously ignored state parameters that drive PM formation.	2020-03-18	Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics
10.1038/s41565-023-01417-z	Berry curvature dipole generation and helicity-to-spin conversion at symmetry-mismatched heterointerfaces	The Berry curvature dipole (BCD) is a key parameter that describes the geometric nature of energy bands in solids. It defines the dipole-like distribution of Berry curvature in the band structure and plays a key role in emergent nonlinear phenomena. The theoretical rationale is that the BCD can be generated at certain symmetry-mismatched van der Waals heterointerfaces even though each material has no BCD in its band structure. However, experimental confirmation of such a BCD induced via breaking of the interfacial symmetry remains elusive. Here we demonstrate a universal strategy for BCD generation and observe BCD-induced gate-tunable spin-polarized photocurrent at WSe2/SiP interfaces. Although the rotational symmetry of each material prohibits the generation of spin photocurrent under normal incidence of light, we surprisingly observe a direction-selective spin photocurrent at the WSe2/SiP heterointerface with a twist angle of 0 degrees, whose amplitude is electrically tunable with the BCD magnitude. Our results highlight a BCD-spin-valley correlation and provide a universal approach for engineering the geometric features of twisted heterointerfaces.	2023-06-15	Nature Nanotechnology
10.1016/j.jbiomech.2016.05.015	Multi-segment analysis of spinal kinematics during sit-to-stand in patients with chronic low back pain	While alterations in spinal kinematics have been frequently reported in patients with chronic low back pain (CLBP), a better characterization of the kinematics during functional activities is needed to improve our understanding and therapeutic solutions for this condition. Recent studies on healthy subjects showed the value of analyzing the spine during sit-to-stand transition (STST) using multi-segment models, suggesting that additional knowledge could be gained by conducting similar assessments in CLBP patients. The objectives of this study were to characterize three dimensional kinematics at the lower lumbar (LLS), upper lumbar (ULS), lower thoracic (LTS) and upper thoracic (UTS) joints during STST, and to test the hypothesis that CLBP patients perform this movement with smaller angle and angular velocity compared to asymptomatic controls. Ten CLBP patients (with minimal to moderate disability) and 11 asymptomatic controls with comparable demographics (52% male, 37.4 +/- 5.6 years old, 22.5 +/- 2.8 kg/m(2)) were tested using a three-dimensional camera-based system following previously proposed protocols. Characteristic patterns of movement were identified at the LLS, ULS and UTS joints in the sagittal plane only. Significant differences in the form of smaller sagittal-plane angle and smaller angular velocity in the patient group compared to the control group were observed at these three joints. This indicated a more rigid spine in the patient group and suggested that CLBP rehabilitation could potentially be enhanced by targeting movement deficits in functional activities. The results further recommended the analysis of STST kinematics using a pelvis-lumbar-thoracic model including lower and upper lumbar and thoracic segments. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2016-01-01	Journal Of Biomechanics
10.1103/PhysRevLett.109.047401	Mapping of Electron-Hole Excitations in the Charge-Density-Wave System 1T-TiSe2 Using Resonant Inelastic X-Ray Scattering	In high-resolution resonant inelastic x-ray scattering at the Ti L edge of the charge-density-wave system 1T-TiSe2, we observe sharp low energy loss peaks from electron-hole pair excitations developing at low temperature. These excitations are strongly dispersing as a function of the transferred momentum of light. We show that the unoccupied bands close to the Fermi level can effectively be probed in this broadband material. Furthermore, we extract the order parameter of the charge-density-wave phase from temperature-dependent measurements.	2012-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1051/0004-6361/201117402	The dynamical and chemical evolution of dwarf spheroidal galaxies with GEAR	We present the fully parallel chemo-dynamical Tree/SPH code GEAR, which allows us to perform high resolution simulations with detailed chemical diagnostics. Starting from the public version of Gadget-2, we included the complex treatment of the baryon physics: gas cooling, star formation law, chemical evolution, and supernova feedback. We qualified the performances of GEAR in the case of dwarf spheroidal galaxies (dSphs) galaxies. Our code GEAR conserves the total energy budget of the systems to better than 5% over 14 Gyr and provides an excellent convergence of the results with numerical resolution. We showed that models of dSphs in a static Euclidean space, where the expansion of the universe is neglected are valid. In addition, we tackled some existing open questions in the field, such as the stellar mass fraction of dSphs and its link to the predicted dark matter halo mass function, the effect of supernova feedback, the spatial distribution of the stellar populations, and the origin of the diversity in star formation histories and chemical abundance patterns. Strong supernova-driven winds seem incompatible with the observed metallicities and luminosities. Despite newly formed stars being preferentially found in the galaxy central parts, turbulent motions in the gas can quickly erase any metallicity gradient. The diversity in properties of dSph are related to a range of total masses, as well as a range of dispersion in the central densities, which is also seen in the halos emerging from a Lambda CDM cosmogony.	2012-01-01	Astronomy & Astrophysics
10.3390/su11236839	On the Design of a Youth-Led, Issue-Based, Crowdsourced Global Monitoring Framework for the SDGs	In this paper, we propose a novel methodology and design to contribute towards the achievement of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by member states of the United Nations for a better and more sustainable future for all. We particularly focus on achieving SDG 4.7—using education to ensure all learners acquire the knowledge and skills needed to promote sustainable development. We describe the design of a crowdsourced approach to monitor issues at a local level, and then use the insights gained to indicate how learning can be achieved by the entire community. We begin by encouraging local communities to identify issues that they are concerned about, with an assumption that any issue identified will fall within the purview of the 17 SDGs. Each issue is then tagged with a plurality of actions taken to address it. Finally, we tag the positive or negative changes in the issue as perceived by members of the local community. This data is used to broadly indicate quantitative measures of community learning when solving a societal problem, in turn telling us how SDG 4.7 is being achieved. The paper describes the design of a unique, youth-led, technology-based, bottom-up approach, applicable to communities across the globe, which can potentially ensure transgressive learning through participation of and monitoring by the local community leading to sustainable development	2019-12-02	Sustainability
10.3233/JAD-210534	Alzheimer's Disease Biomarkers in Idiopathic Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus: Linking Functional Connectivity and Clinical Outcome	Background: Alzheimer's disease (AD) pathology impacts the response to treatment in patients with idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus (iNPH), possibly through changes in resting-state functional connectivity (rs-FC).	2021-01-01	Journal Of Alzheimers Disease
10.1515/crelle-2019-0041	On the asymptotic behavior of the solutions to parabolic variational inequalities	We consider various versions of the obstacle and thin-obstacle problems, we interpret them as variational inequalities, with non-smooth constraint, and prove that they satisfy a new constrained Lojasiewicz inequality. The difficulty lies in the fact that, since the constraint is non-analytic, the pioneering method of L. Simon ([22]) does not apply and we have to exploit a better understanding on the constraint itself. We then apply this inequality to two associated problems. First we combine it with an abstract result on parabolic variational inequalities, to prove the convergence at infinity of the strong global solutions to the parabolic obstacle and thin-obstacle problems to a unique stationary solution with a rate. Secondly, we give an abstract proof, based on a parabolic approach, of the epiperimetric inequality, which we then apply to the singular points of the obstacle and thin-obstacle problems.	2020-11-01	Journal Fur Die Reine Und Angewandte Mathematik
10.1002/lsm.20912	Photodynamic Therapy Selectively Enhances Liposomal Doxorubicin Uptake in Sarcoma Tumors to Rodent Lungs	Background: In specific conditions, photodynamic therapy (PDT) can enhance the distribution of macromolecules across the endothelial barrier in solid tumors. It was recently postulated that tumor neovessels were more responsive to PDT than the normal vasculature. We hypothesized that Visudyne (R)-mediated PDT could selectively increase liposomal doxorubicin (Liporubicin (TM)) uptake in sarcoma tumors to rodent lungs while sparing the normal surrounding tissue.	2010-01-01	Lasers In Surgery And Medicine
10.1016/j.nbt.2012.05.005	Protein tag-mediated conjugation of oligonucleotides to recombinant affinity binders for proximity ligation	While antibodies currently play a dominant role as affinity reagents in biological research and for diagnostics, a broad range of recombinant proteins are emerging as promising alternative affinity reagents in detection assays and quantification. DNA-mediated affinity-based assays, such as immuno-PCR and proximity ligation assays (PLA), use oligonucleotides attached to affinity reagents as reporter molecules. Conjugation of oligonucleotides to affinity reagents generally employs chemistries that target primary amines or cysteines. Because of the random nature of these processes neither the number of oligonucleotides conjugated per molecule nor their sites of attachment can be accurately controlled for affinity reagents with several available amines and cysteines. Here, we present a straightforward and convenient approach to functionalize recombinant affinity reagents for PLA by expressing the reagents as fusion partners with SNAP protein tags. This allowed us to conjugate oligonucleotides in a site-specific fashion, yielding precisely one oligonucleotide per affinity reagent. We demonstrate this method using designed ankyrin repeat proteins (DARPins) recognizing the tumor antigen HER2 and we apply the conjugates in different assay formats. We also show that SNAP or CLIP tags, expressed as fusion partners of transfected genes, allow oligonucleotide conjugations to be performed in fixed cells, with no need for specific affinity reagents. The approach is used to demonstrate induced interactions between the fusion proteins FKBP and FRB by allowing the in situ conjugated oligonucleotides to direct the production of templates for localized rolling circle amplification reactions.	2013-01-01	New Biotechnology
10.1002/cpa.22033	Emergence of Concentration Effects in the Variational Analysis of the N-Clock Model	We investigate the relationship between the N-clock model (also known as planar Potts model or DOUBLE-STRUCK CAPITAL ZN-model) and the XY model (at zero temperature) through a Gamma-convergence analysis of a suitable rescaling of the energy as both the number of particles and N diverge. We prove the existence of rates of divergence of N for which the continuum limits of the two models differ. With the aid of Cartesian currents we show that the asymptotics of the N-clock model in this regime features an energy that may concentrate on geometric objects of various dimensions. This energy prevails over the usual vortex-vortex interaction energy. (c) 2021 The Authors. Communications on Pure and Applied Mathematics published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.	2022-01-01	Communications On Pure And Applied Mathematics
10.1038/ncomms2108	Ultrafast optical demagnetization manipulates nanoscale spin structure in domain walls	During ultrafast demagnetization of a magnetically ordered solid, angular momentum has to be transferred between the spins, electrons, and phonons in the system on femto-and picosecond timescales. Although the intrinsic spin-transfer mechanisms are intensely debated, additional extrinsic mechanisms arising due to nanoscale heterogeneity have only recently entered the discussion. Here we use femtosecond X-ray pulses from a free-electron laser to study thin film samples with magnetic domain patterns. We observe an infrared-pump-induced change of the spin structure within the domain walls on the sub-picosecond timescale. This domain-topography-dependent contribution connects the intrinsic demagnetization process in each domain with spin-transport processes across the domain walls, demonstrating the importance of spin-dependent electron transport between differently magnetized regions as an ultrafast demagnetization channel. This pathway exists independent from structural inhomogeneities such as chemical interfaces, and gives rise to an ultrafast spatially varying response to optical pump pulses.	2012-01-01	Nature Communications
10.1103/PhysRevLett.124.108001	Self-Propulsion of Active Colloids via Ion Release: Theory and Experiments	We study the self-propulsion of a charged colloidal particle that releases ionic species using theory and experiments. We relax the assumptions of thin Debye length and weak nonequilibrium effects assumed in classical phoretic models. This leads to a number of unexpected features that cannot be rationalized considering the classic phoretic framework: an active particle can reverse the direction of motion by increasing the rate of ion release and can propel even with zero surface charge. Our theory predicts that there are optimal conditions for self-propulsion and a novel regime in which the velocity is insensitive to the background electrolyte concentration. The theoretical results quantitatively capture the salt-dependent velocity measured in our experiments using active colloids that propel by decomposing urea via a surface enzymatic reaction.	2020-03-13	Physical Review Letters
10.1002/aoc.5531	Catalytic and antibacterial properties of 3-dentate carboxamide Pd/Pt complexes obtained via a benign route	The complexes Pd-II(qcq)(OAc) and Pt-II(qcq)Cl have been synthesized using environmentally benign synthesized ligands and characterized by elemental analyses: Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, UV-visible spectroscopy, H-1 NMR spectroscopy, and X-ray diffraction. The catalytic activity of the complex was assessed, in different media, for the Mizoroki-Heck coupling reaction for typical aryl halides and terminal olefins under aerobic conditions. Since the base and the solvent were found to influence the efficiency of the reaction, reaction conditions, temperature, time, and the amount of K3PO4 and a mixture of H2O/PEG, were optimized. We found, for the Mizoroki-Heck reaction coupling less reactive aryl chloride derivatives with olefins, promising activity for palladium catalysts. The electrochemical behavior of Hqcq and the Pd(II) complex was investigated by cyclic voltammetry and irreversible Pd-II/I reductions were observed. Hqcq and the Pd(II) and Pt(II) complexes were also screened for their in vitro antibacterial activity. They showed promising antibacterial activity comparable to that of the antibiotic penicillin.	2020-02-03	Applied Organometallic Chemistry
10.1016/j.inffus.2024.102322	FRCSyn-onGoing: Benchmarking and comprehensive evaluation of real and synthetic data to improve face recognition systems	This article presents FRCSyn-onGoing, an ongoing challenge for face recognition where researchers can easily benchmark their systems against the state of the art in an open common platform using large-scale public databases and standard experimental protocols. FRCSyn-onGoing is based on the Face Recognition Challenge in the Era of Synthetic Data (FRCSyn) organized at WACV 2024. This is the first face recognition international challenge aiming to explore the use of real and synthetic data independently, and also their fusion, in order to address existing limitations in the technology. Specifically, FRCSyn-onGoing targets concerns related to data privacy issues, demographic biases, generalization to unseen scenarios, and performance limitations in challenging scenarios, including significant age disparities between enrollment and testing, pose variations, and occlusions. To enhance face recognition performance, FRCSyn-onGoing strongly advocates for information fusion at various levels, starting from the input data, where a mix of real and synthetic domains is proposed for specific tasks of the challenge. Additionally, participating teams are allowed to fuse diverse networks within their proposed systems to improve the performance. In this article, we provide a comprehensive evaluation of the face recognition systems and results achieved so far in FRCSyn-onGoing. The results obtained in FRCSynonGoing, together with the proposed public ongoing benchmark, contribute significantly to the application of synthetic data to improve face recognition technology.	2024-03-06	Information Fusion
10.1109/JSSC.2019.2894360	Design of an Always-On Deep Neural Network-Based 1-mu W Voice Activity Detector Aided With a Customized Software Model for Analog Feature Extraction	This paper presents an ultra-low-power voice activity detector (VAD). It uses analog signal processing for acoustic feature extraction (AFE) directly on the microphone output, approximate event-driven analog-to-digital conversion (ED-ADC), and digital deep neural network (DNN) for speech/non-speech classification. New circuits, including the low-noise amplifier, bandpass filter, and full-wave rectifier contribute to the more than 9x normalized power/channel reduction in the feature extraction front-end compared to the best prior art. The digital DNN is a three-hidden-layer binarized multilayer perceptron (MLP) with a 2-neuron output layer and a 48-neuron input layer that receives parallel event streams from the ED-ADCs. To obtain the DNN weights via off-line training, a customized front-end model written in python is constructed to accelerate feature generation in software emulation, and the model parameters are extracted from Spectre simulations. The chip, fabricated in 0.18-mu m CMOS, has a core area of 1.66 x 1.52 mm(2) and consumes 1 mu W. The classification measurements using the 1-hour 10-dB signal-to-noise ratio audio with restaurant background noise show a mean speech/non-speech hit rate of 84.4%/85.4% with a 1.88%/4.65% 1-sigma variation across ten dies that are all loaded with the same weights.	2019-06-01	Ieee Journal Of Solid-State Circuits
10.1021/ja504126z	Bowl Inversion of Surface-Adsorbed Sumanene	Bowl-shaped pi-conjugated compounds offer the possibility to study curvature-dependent host-guest interactions and chemical reactivity in ideal model systems. For surface-adsorbed pi bowls, however, only conformations with the bowl opening pointing away from the surface have been observed so far. Here we show for sumanene on Ag(111) that both bowl-up and bowl-down conformations can be stabilized. Analysis of the molecular layer as a function of coverage reveals an unprecedented structural phase transition involving a bowl inversion of one-third of the molecules. On the basis of scanning tunneling microscopy (STM) and complementary atomistic simulations, we develop a model that describes the observed phase transition in terms of a subtle interplay between inversion-dependent adsorption energies and intermolecular interactions. In addition, we explore the coexisting bowl-up and -down conformations with respect to host-guest binding of methane. STM reveals a clear energetic preference for methane binding to the concave face of sumanene.	2014-01-01	Journal Of The American Chemical Society
10.1016/j.mee.2009.03.086	Investigation of oxidation-induced strain in a top-down Si nanowire platform	In this paper, we investigate the effect of different process parameters on oxidation-induced strain (OIS) into a doubly-clamped silicon nanowire FET to control and finally, enhance carrier mobility. Spacer technology together with sacrificial thermal oxidation were used to fabricate ≈100 nm wide Si NWs. The built-in tensile stress in the Si NWs was measured using micro-Raman spectroscopy and a maximum of 2.6 GPa was found.	2009-01-01	Microelectronic Engineering
10.1016/0165-1684(84)90012-4	Multi-dimensional subband coding: some theory and algorithms	A system is proposed in order to split a multi-dimensional signal into N sub-bands, which are then subsampled by N. Subsequent upsampling and filtering allows the recovery of the original signal. Main features are a good bandpass characteristic of the channels, automatic aliasing cancellation and spectral invariance of the overall system. The one dimensional case, known as the quadrature mirrir filter (QMF, [1]), is generalized for both the separable and the non-separable case. A parallel implementation, based on pseudo-QMF filters, is presented as an efficient way to split a signal into equal sub-bands.	1984-01-01	Signal Processing
10.1038/s41524-024-01248-z	The rule of four: anomalous distributions in the stoichiometries of inorganic compounds	Why are materials with specific characteristics more abundant than others? This is a fundamental question in materials science and one that is traditionally difficult to tackle, given the vastness of compositional and configurational space. We highlight here the anomalous abundance of inorganic compounds whose primitive unit cell contains a number of atoms that is a multiple of four. This occurrence-named here the rule of four-has to our knowledge not previously been reported or studied. Here, we first highlight the rule's existence, especially notable when restricting oneself to experimentally known compounds, and explore its possible relationship with established descriptors of crystal structures, from symmetries to energies. We then investigate this relative abundance by looking at structural descriptors, both of global (packing configurations) and local (the smooth overlap of atomic positions) nature. Contrary to intuition, the overabundance does not correlate with low-energy or high-symmetry structures; in fact, structures which obey the rule of four are characterized by low symmetries and loosely packed arrangements maximizing the free volume. We are able to correlate this abundance with local structural symmetries, and visualize the results using a hybrid supervised-unsupervised machine learning method.	2024-04-12	Npj Computational Materials
10.1016/j.colsurfb.2017.05.013	Scaffold requirements for periodontal regeneration with enamel matrix derivative proteins	Periodontitis affects the attachment of natural teeth, and infection or inflammation associated with periodontitis may affect peri-implant tissues. Enamel matrix derivative (EMD) proteins provide stimulation for self-regeneration of the damaged tissue when applied to wide intrabony defects as part of a mixture with bone graft material. As a first step of the process enhancing cell proliferation and ligament formation, we demonstrated that EMD protein precipitation depends strongly on the physical and chemical characteristics of the bone grafts used in the mixture. To guarantee optimum protein-stimulated self regulation, the pH of the initial EMD formulation must therefore be adjusted between 3.9 and 4.2 in order to compensate the change in pH induced by the bone graft. Moreover, the interaction between the two components resulted in precipitates of different shape and size differently covering the grafts. This outcome might potentially have clinical implications on cell attachment and periodontal ligament extension, which deserve further in vitro and in vivo tests. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2017-01-01	Colloids And Surfaces B-Biointerfaces
10.1109/TCSII.2014.2387652	A Fully-Integrated IC with 0.85-uW/Channel Consumption for Epileptic iEEG Detection	Feature extraction from a multichannel compressed neural signal is introduced in this brief. Compressive sensing (CS) is an efficient method for reducing the transmission data rate of sparse biological signals and lowering the power consumption of resource-constrained sensor nodes. However, recovering the original signal from compressed measurements is typically achieved by relatively complex and optimization-based algorithms, which is hardly suitable for real-time applications. The previously proposed multichannel CS scheme enables the area-efficient implementation of CS. In this brief, a low-power feature extraction method based on line length is directly applied in the compressed domain. This approach exploits the spatial sparsity of the signals recorded by adjacent electrodes of a sensor array and detects the seizure onset for every sixteen channels of the array. The proposed circuit architecture is implemented in a UMC 0.18-μm CMOS technology. Extensive performance analysis and design optimization enable a low-power and compact implementation. The proposed feature extractor reaches a perfect sensitivity of 100% for 420 h of clinical data containing 23 seizures from four patients, with an average false alarm rate of 0.34 h-1 for artifact-free channels, consuming 0.85 μW of power/channel at a compression rate of 16.	2015-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems II: Express Briefs
10.1002/cphc.201800863	Superweak Coordinating Anion as Superstrong Enhancer of Cyanine Organic Semiconductor Properties	The superweak tetrakis(nonafluoro-tert-butoxy)aluminate coordinating anion was employed to introduce pseudo-gas-phase conditions to the 2-[5-(1,3-dihydro-1,3,3-trimethyl-2H-indol-2-ylidene)-1,3-pentadien-1-yl]-1,3,3-trimethyl-3H-indolium chromophore. The resulting formation of a photoactive organic-inorganic hybrid salt has led to a highly stabilized excited state of the organic chromophore mainly due to the minimized lattice energy and Coulomb interactions. These highly beneficial features caused by the well dispersed negative charge of the anion have led to an enhanced neat spin-casted film fluorescence intensity, prolonged fluorescence lifetime, smooth thin film surfaces and a record power photovoltaic efficiency of 3.8 % when compared to organic salts of this particular chromophore containing anions with localised negative charge. Clear evidence is given that a superweak coordinating anion is an emerging key parameter in cyanine dye photochemistry. This approach can be seen as a general guideline to prepare highly efficient ionic dyes for organic semiconductor applications.	2018-12-19	Chemphyschem
10.1002/adma.202205027	Combined Vacuum Evaporation and Solution Process for High-Efficiency Large-Area Perovskite Solar Cells with Exceptional Reproducibility	Organic-inorganic hybrid perovskites exhibit outstanding performances in perovskite solar cells (PSCs). However, the complex solution chemistry of perovskites precursors renders it difficult to prepare large-area devices in a reproducible way, which is a prerequisite for the technology to make an impact beyond lab scale. Vacuum processing, instead, is an established technology for large-scale coating of thin films. However, with respect to the hybrid perovskites it is highly challenging due to the high vapor pressure of the organic ammonium halide. In this work, vacuum evaporation of lead iodide and solution processing of organic ammonium halide is combined to produce large-area homogeneous perovskite films with large grains in a highly reproducible way. The resulting PSCs achieve a power conversion efficiency (PCE) of 24.3% (certified 23.9%) on small area (0.10 cm(2)), 24.0% (certified 23.7%) on large area (1 cm(2)) and 20.0% for minimodule (16 cm(2)), and maintain 90% of its initial efficiency after 1000 h 1-sun operation. The vacuum evaporation prevents advert environmental effects on lead halide formation and guarantees a reproducible fabrication of high-quality large-area perovskite films, which opens a promising way for large-scale fabrication of perovskite optoelectronics.	2023-02-17	Advanced Materials
10.1002/chem.201702013	Post-Synthesis Amine Borane Functionalization of a Metal-Organic Framework and Its Unusual Chemical Hydrogen Release Phenomenon	A novel strategy for post-synthesis amine borane functionalization of MOFs under gas-solid phase transformation, utilizing gaseous diborane, is reported. The covalently confined amine borane derivative decorated on the framework backbone is stable when preserved at low temperature, but spontaneously liberates soft chemical hydrogen at room temperature, leading to the development of an unusual borenium type species (-NH=BH2+) ion-paired with a hydroborate anion. Furthermore, the unsaturated amino borane (-NH=BH2) and the mu-iminodiborane (-mu-NHB2H5) were detected as final products. A combination of DFT based molecular dynamics simulations and solid state NMR spectroscopy, utilizing isotopically enriched materials, were undertaken to unequivocally elucidate the mechanistic pathways for H-2 liberation.	2017-01-01	Chemistry-A European Journal
10.1007/Jhep07(2012)133	Measurement of the isospin asymmetry in B -> K-(*)mu(+)mu(-) decays	The isospin asymmetries of B -> K-(*)mu(+)mu(-) decays and the partial branching fractions of B-0 -> K-0 mu(+)mu(-) and B+ -> K*+mu(+)mu(-) are measured as a function of the di-muon mass squared q(2) using an integrated luminosity of 1.0 fb(-1) collected with the LHCb detector. The B -> K mu(+)mu(-) isospin asymmetry integrated over q(2) is negative, deviating from zero with over 4 sigma significance. The B -> K*mu(+)mu(-) decay measurements are consistent with the Standard Model prediction of negligible isospin asymmetry. The observation of the decay B0 -> K-s(0)mu(+)mu(-) is reported with 5.7 sigma significance. Assuming that the branching fraction of B-0 -> K-0 mu(+)mu(-) is twice that of B-0 -> K-s(0)mu(+)mu(-), the branching fractions of B-0 -> K-0 mu(+)mu(-) and B -> K*(+)mu(+)mu(-) it are found to be (0.31(-0.06)(+0.07)) x 10(-6) and (1.16 +/- 0.19) x 10(-6), respectively.	2012-01-01	Journal Of High Energy Physics
10.1016/j.visres.2005.03.021	Attention and feature integration in the feature inheritance effect	Features of neighboring elements are not processed independently. Often, it is assumed that nearby features are integrated by a (pre-attentive) pooling mechanism. Here, we show that in the feature inheritance effect some features are integrated across space whereas others are not. This result may be partly explained by a very focused spatial attention. Our findings challenge models based on a simple pooling mechanism.	2005-01-01	Vision research
10.1051/jp4:1998906	Influence of processing parameters on characteristics of sol-gel derived PLZT thin films	PLZT x/65/35 (x = 4, 8, 10) thin films were prepared by the acetic-acid based chemical solution deposition processing from lead tetraacetate, lanthanum nitrate and zirconium and titanium propoxides. Introducing top layer of PLZT with large PbO excess can prevent surface pyrochlore phase formation. It is further shown that although lead is depleted from PLZT because of the reaction with the substrate, perovskite phase is retained as a consequence of a large lead-oxide content throughout the film.	1998-01-01	Journal De Physique Iv
10.1016/j.jmr.2009.12.006	Echo-time independent signal modulations for strongly coupled systems in triple echo localization schemes: An extension of S-PRESS editing	The double spin-echo point resolved spectroscopy sequence (PRESS) is a widely used method and standard in clinical MR spectroscopy. Existence of important J-modulations at constant echo times, depending on the temporal delays between the rf-pulses, have been demonstrated recently for strongly coupled spin systems and were exploited for difference editing, removing singlets from the spectrum (strong-coupling PRESS, S-PRESS) A drawback of this method for in vivo applications is that large signal modulations needed for difference editing occur only at relatively long echo times. In this work we demonstrate that, by simply adding a third refocusing pulse (3S-PRESS), difference editing becomes possible at substantially shorter echo times while, as applied to citrate, more favorable lineshapes can be obtained For the example of an AB system an analytical description of the MR signal, obtained with this triple refocusing sequence (3S-PRESS), is provided (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc All rights reserved	2010-01-01	Journal Of Magnetic Resonance
10.1109/TMC.2005.59	On the Stationary Distribution of Speed and Location of Random Waypoint	In ``Stationary Distributions for the Random Waypoint Mobility Model	2005-01-01	IEEE transactions on mobile computing
10.1061/JSENDH.STENG-12128	Full-Scale Experiments of Cyclically Loaded Welded Moment Connections with Highly Dissipative Panel Zones and Simplified Weld Details	This paper presents the experimental results of two welded unreinforced flange-welded web (WUF-W) beam-to-column connections that defy the current design paradigm of prequalified welded connections. The proposed WUF-W connections feature customized beveled backing bars that are intentionally left in place after the completion of the beam flange-to-column face complete joint penetration welds. The connection design aims at a stable hysteretic response by exploiting the beneficial aspects of appreciable panel zone shear yielding (i.e., inelastic shear distortions of at least 15γy, where γy is the panel zone shear distortion at yield), by considering a shear strength-to-demand ratio of 0.8. To prevent divot fracture in the column, minimum through-thickness toughness requirements were imposed for the steel column material. The experimental results suggest that the proposed WUF-W connections achieve a stable hysteretic response up until lateral drift demands of at least 7% rad, while a non-softening response was assured up to 9% rad. The beveled backing bars minimize the associated fracture potential near the beam web centerline, which is a primary concern in prequalified field welded moment connections when conventional weld backing bars are employed. The tests suggest that, under a symmetric cyclic loading protocol, local buckling near the steel beams is prevented up until a lateral drift demand of 6% rad, which is an important finding from structural repairability and stability standpoints. The ultimate failure modes of the welded connections, which are attributable to ductile crack initiation and propagation, are consistent regardless of the employed lateral loading histories, which involved standard symmetric cyclic and collapse-consistent loading protocols. The implications for the seismic design of steel moment resisting frames (MRFs) and the limitations of the present work are discussed.	2023-01-01	Journal of Structural Engineering
10.1007/s00371-009-0313-9	A subject-specific software solution for the modeling and the visualization of muscles deformations	Today, to create and to simulate a virtual anatomical version of a subject is useful in the decision process of surgical treatments. The muscular activity is one of the factors which can contribute to abnormal movements such as in spasticity or static contracture. In this paper, we propose a numerical solution, based on the Finite Element (FE) method, able to estimate muscles deformations during contraction. Organized around a finite element solver and a volumetric environment, this solution is made of all the modeling and simulation processes from the discretization of the studied domain to the visualization of the results. The choices of materials and properties of the FE model are also presented such as the hyperelasticity, the contention model based on inter-meshes neighboring nodes pairing, and the estimation of nodal forces based on the subject-specific muscular forces and action lines.	2009-01-01	Visual Computer
10.1088/1475-7516/2018/11/034	Probing non-Gaussian stochastic gravitational wave backgrounds with LISA	The stochastic gravitational wave background (SGWB) contains a wealth of information on astrophysical and cosmological processes. A major challenge of upcoming years will be to extract the information contained in this background and to disentangle the contributions of different sources. In this paper we provide the formalism to extract, from the correlation of three signals in the Laser Interferometer Space Antenna (LISA), information about the tensor three-point function, which characterizes the non-Gaussian properties of the SGWB. This observable can be crucial to discriminate whether a SGWB has a primordial or astrophysical origin. Compared to the two-point function, the SGWB three-point function has a richer dependence on the gravitational wave momenta and chiralities. It can be used therefore as a powerful discriminator between different models. For the first time we provide the response functions of LISA to a general SGWB three-point function. As examples, we study in full detail the cases of an equilateral and squeezed SGWB bispectra, and provide the explicit form of the response functions, ready to be convoluted with any theoretical prediction of the bispectrum to obtain the observable signal. We further derive the optimal estimator to compute the signal-to-noise ratio. Our formalism covers general shapes of non-Gaussianity, and can be extended straightaway to other detector geometries. Finally, we provide a short overview of models of the early universe that can give rise to a non-Gaussian SGWB.	2018-11-01	Journal Of Cosmology And Astroparticle Physics
10.1039/c1dt10522a	Metal-based antitumour drugs in the post-genomic era: what comes next?	In our Dalton Transactions Perspective article entitled, 'Metal-based antitumour drugs in the post genomic era', (Dalton Trans., 2006, 1929-1933) we discussed metal-based drugs in light of past decades of research. We concluded that the post-genomic era would dictate a change in the direction of the field with knowledge of the genome increasingly allowing protein targets to be identified and not simply assuming that DNA is the only relevant target of metal-based drugs. Since our article was published new insights into the mode of action of metal-based drugs have emerged making some older findings increasingly relevant to current drug design. In this article we discuss these developments in terms of what we believe should be the future direction for the field.	2011-01-01	Dalton Transactions
10.1016/j.neurobiolaging.2012.11.011	Focal expression of adeno-associated viral-mutant tau induces widespread impairment in an APP mouse model	Adeno-associated virus serotype 6 (AAV6) viral vectors encoding mutant and normal tau were used to produce focal tau pathology. Two mutant forms of tau were used; the P301S tau mutation is associated with neurofibrillary tangle formation in humans, and the 3PO mutation leads to rapid tau aggregation and is associated with pathogenic phosphorylation and cytotoxicity in vitro. We show that adeno-associated viral injection into entorhinal cortex of normal and tau knockout animals leads to local overexpression of tau, and the presence of human tau in axons projecting to and emanating from the entorhinal cortex. Starting at 2 months and increasing by 6 months post-injection neurons expressing mutant tau developed hyperphosphorylated tau pathology, in addition to dystrophic neurites. There was neuronal loss in tau-expressing regions, which was similar in normal and in TASTPM mice injected with mutant tau. There was neuroinflammation around plaques, and in regions expressing mutant tau. We saw no evidence that mutant tau had affected amyloid-beta pathology or vice versa. Morris water maze behavioral tests demonstrated mild memory impairment attributable to amyloid-beta pathology at 2 and 4 months, with severe impairment at 6 months in animals receiving adeno-associated viral-3PO. Therefore, TASTPM mice injected with mutant tau displayed many of the main features characteristic of human Alzheimer's disease patients and might be used as a model to test new drugs to ameliorate clinical features of Alzheimer's disease. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2013-01-01	Neurobiology Of Aging
10.1021/ma0211378	A New Living Emulsion Polymerization Mechanism: Episulfide Anionic Polymerization	The anionic ring-opening polymn. of episulfides has been successfully applied in emulsion. The polymn. proceeded with a living mechanism but was characterized by a limiting conversion, presumably arising from the increase in viscosity in the polymer. To the knowledge of the authors, only two other cases of living anionic polymn. in emulsion are known (silicones and cyanoacrylates); the addnl. novelty presented by episulfides is the ease of end-functionalization. Furthermore, the emulsion polymn. allowed the prepn. of highly stable particles, which, due to their PEGylated surface and their appropriate diam., can be applied in the biomedical field as nanocarriers. [on SciFinder (R)]	2002-01-01	Macromolecules
10.1016/j.cma.2010.06.012	Adaptive finite element heterogeneous multiscale method for homogenization problems	In this paper we present an a posteriori error analysis for elliptic homogenization problems discretized by the finite element heterogeneous multiscale method. Unlike standard finite element methods, our discretization scheme relies on macro- and microfinite elements. The desired macroscopic solution is obtained by a suitable averaging procedure based on microscopic data. As the macroscopic data (such as the macroscopic diffusion tensor) are not available beforehand, appropriate error indicators have to be defined for designing adaptive methods. We show that such indicators based only on the available macro- and microsolutions (used to compute the actual macrosolution) can be defined, allowing for a macroscopic mesh refinement strategy which is both reliable and efficient. The corresponding a posteriori estimates for the upper and lower bound are derived in the energy norm. In the case of a uniformly oscillating tensor, we recover the standard residual-based a posteriori error estimate for the finite element method applied to the homogenized problem. Numerical experiments confirm the efficiency and reliability of the adaptive multiscale method.	2011-01-01	Computer Methods in Applied Mechanics and Engineering
10.1021/acscatal.1c00420	Elucidating the Facet-Dependent Selectivity for CO2 Electroreduction to Ethanol of Cu-Ag Tandem Catalysts	Despite being desirable high-value products of the electro-chemical CO2 reduction reaction (CO2RR), alcohols are still obtained with lower selectivity compared to hydrocarbons and the reaction pathways leading to their formation are still under debate. In this joint experimental-computational work, we exploit structural sensitivity effects to elucidate the ethanol-producing active sites on Cu-Ag CO2RR tandem catalysts. Specifically, methane-selective Cu nano-octahedra (Cu-oh), enclosed by (111) facets, and ethylene-selective Cu nanocubes (Cu-cub), enclosed by (100) facets, are mixed with CO-selective Ag nanospheres (Ag-sph) to form Cu-oh-(A)g and Cu-cub-Ag bimetallic catalysts. Ethanol is selectively enhanced via the *CHx-*CO coupling pathway at the terraces of Cuoh-Ag in the CO-enriched environment generated by the Ag-sph. Conversely, on Cu-cub-Ag, ethanol is selectively produced via the same pathway at the edges and corners of Cu-cub, while ethylene continues to be produced at the terraces. The terraces being the predominant surfaces on the catalysts, such facet dependence explains the higher ethanol-to-ethylene ratio on the Cuoh-Ag. These findings illustrate how tandem catalysis and structure-sensitive effects can be combined to obtain notable changes in the selectivity of electrochemical reactions.	2021-04-16	Acs Catalysis
10.1109/Tmm.2014.2332139	Coding Structure and Replication Optimization for Interactive Multiview Video Streaming	Multiview video refers to videos of the same dynamic 3-D scene captured simultaneously by multiple closely spaced cameras from different viewpoints. We study interactive streaming of pre-encoded multiview videos, where, at any time, a client can request any one of many captured views for playback. Moreover, the client can periodically freeze the video in time and switch to neighboring views for a compelling look-around visual effect. We consider distributed content servers to support large-scale interactive multiview video service. These servers collaboratively replicate and access video contents. We study two challenges in this setting: what is an efficient coding structure that supports interactive view switching and, given that, what to replicate in each server in order to minimize the cost incurred by interactive temporal and view switches? We first propose a redundant coding structure that facilitates interactive view-switching, trading off storage with transmission rate. Using the coding structure, we next propose a content replication strategy that takes advantage of indirect hit to lower view-switching cost: in the event that the exact requested view is not available locally, the local server can fetch a different but correlated view from the other servers, so that the remote repository only needs to supply the pre-encoded view differential. We formulate the video content replication problem to minimize the switching cost as an integer linear programming (ILP) problem and show that it is NP-hard. We first propose an LP relaxation and rounding algorithm (termed Minimum Eviction) with bounded approximation error. We then study a more scalable solution based on dynamic programming and Lagrangian optimization (DPLO) with little sacrifice in performance. Simulation results show that our replication algorithms achieve substantially lower switching cost compared to other content replication schemes.	2014-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Multimedia
10.1016/j.ejor.2022.08.002	Assortment optimization using an attraction model in an omnichannel environment	Making assortment decisions is becoming an increasingly difficult task for many retailers worldwide as they implement omnichannel initiatives. Discrete choice modeling lies at the core of this challenge, yet existing models do not sufficiently account for the complex shopping behavior of customers in an om-nichannel environment. In this paper, we introduce a discrete choice model called the multichannel at-traction model (MAM). A key feature of the MAM is that it specifically accounts for both the product substitution behavior of customers within each channel and the switching behavior between channels. We formulate the corresponding assortment optimization problem as a mixed integer linear program and provide a computationally efficient heuristic method that can be readily used for obtaining high-quality solutions in large-scale omnichannel environments. We also present three different methods to estimate the MAM parameters based on aggregate sales transaction data. Finally, we describe general effects of the implementation of widely-used omnichannel initiatives on the MAM parameters, and carry out nu-merical experiments to explore the structure of optimal assortments, thereby gaining new insights into omnichannel assortment optimization. Our work provides the analytical framework for future studies to assess the impact of different omnichannel initiatives. (c) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ )	2023-01-01	European Journal Of Operational Research
10.3390/met11020307	Characterization of Austenitic Stainless Steels with Regard to Environmentally Assisted Fatigue in Simulated Light Water Reactor Conditions	A substantial amount of research effort has been applied to the field of environmentally assisted fatigue (EAF) due to the requirement to account for the EAF behaviour of metals for existing and new build nuclear power plants. We present the results of the European project INcreasing Safety in NPPs by Covering Gaps in Environmental Fatigue Assessment (INCEFA-PLUS), during which the sensitivities of strain range, environment, surface roughness, mean strain and hold times, as well as their interactions on the fatigue life of austenitic steels has been characterized. The project included a test campaign, during which more than 250 fatigue tests were performed. The tests did not reveal a significant effect of mean strain or hold time on fatigue life. An empirical model describing the fatigue life as a function of strain rate, environment and surface roughness is developed. There is evidence for statistically significant interaction effects between surface roughness and the environment, as well as between surface roughness and strain range. However, their impact on fatigue life is so small that they are not practically relevant and can in most cases be neglected. Reducing the environmental impact on fatigue life by modifying the temperature or strain rate leads to an increase of the fatigue life in agreement with predictions based on NUREG/CR-6909. A limited sub-programme on the sensitivity of hold times at elevated temperature at zero force conditions and at elevated temperature did not show the beneficial effect on fatigue life found in another study.	2021-02-01	Metals
10.1065/lca2005.08.216	Environmental assessment of end-of-life treatment options for a GSM 900 antenna rack	Goal, Scope and Background. Telephony as well as remote data transfer is increasingly performed via mobile phone networks. However, the environmental consequences, in particular of the End-of-Life (EOL) treatment, of such network infrastructures have been investigated insufficiently to date. In the present report the environmental implications of the EOL treatment of a single GSM 900 antenna rack have been analysed.	2006-01-01	International Journal Of Life Cycle Assessment
10.1017/jfm.2020.998	The late start of the mean velocity overlap log law at y(+) = O(10(3)) - a generic feature of turbulent wall layers in ducts	One of the key observations in the Princeton Superpipe was the late start of the logarithmic mean velocity overlap layer at a wall distance of the order of 10(3) inner units. Between y(+) approximate to 150, the start of the overlap layer in zero pressure gradient turbulent boundary layers, and y(+) approximate to 500, the Superpipe profile is modelled equally well by a power law or a log law with a larger slope than in the overlap layer. This paper demonstrates, that the asymptotic mean velocity profile in turbulent plane channel flow exhibits analogous characteristics, namely a rather sudden decrease of logarithmic slope (increase of.) at a y(+) of approximately 600, which marks the start of the actual overlap layer. The demonstration results from the first construction of the complete mean velocity inner and outer asymptotic expansions up to order O(Re-tau(-1)) from direct numerical simulations (DNS) at moderate Reynolds numbers. The O(Re-tau(-1)) contribution to the indicator function Xi(+) = y(+) (dU(+) /dy(+)) is found to be important and to prevent the direct determination of. from currently available channel DNS. A preliminary, leading-order analysis of a Couette flow DNS, on the other hand, yields an increase of logarithmic slope (decrease of kappa) at a y(break)(+) approximate to 400. The correlation between the sign of the slope change and the flow symmetry motivates the hypothesis that the breakpoint between the possibly universal short inner logarithmic region and the actual overlap log-law corresponds to the penetration depth of large-scale turbulent structures originating from the opposite wall.	2021-01-20	Journal of Fluid Mechanics
10.1039/C2CP24018A	UV and IR spectroscopy of cold 1,2-dimethoxybenzene complexes with alkali metal ions	We report UV photodissociation (UVPD) and IR-UV double-resonance spectra of 1,2-dimethoxybenzene (DMB) complexes with alkali metal ions, M+•DMB (M = Li, Na, K, Rb, and Cs), in a cold 22-pole ion trap. The UVPD spectrum of the Li+ complex shows a strong origin band. For the K+•DMB, Rb+•DMB, and Cs+•DMB complexes, the origin band is very weak and low-frequency progressions are much more extensive than that of the Li+ ion. In the case of the Na+•DMB complex, the spectral features are similar to those of the K+, Rb+, and Cs+ complexes, but the vibronic bands are not resolved. Geometry optimization with density functional theory indicates that the metal ions are bonded to the oxygen atoms in all the M+•DMB complexes calculated. In the Li+ and Na+ complexes in the S0 state, the metal ions are located almost in the same plane as the benzene ring, while the K+, Rb+, and Cs+ ions are substantially off from the plane. In the S1 state, the Li+ complex has a structure similar to that in the S0 state. In contrast, the other complexes show a large structural change upon S1–S0 excitation to the out-of-plane direction of the benzene ring, which results in the extensive low-frequency progressions in the UVPD spectra. For the Na+•DMB complex, fast charge transfer occurs from Na+ to DMB after the UV excitation, making the bandwidth of the UVPD spectrum much broader than that of the other complexes and producing photofragment DMB+ ion.	2012-01-01	Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics
10.1073/pnas.0604691103	Spontaneous and evoked synaptic rewiring in the neonatal neocortex	The local microcircuitry of the neocortex is structurally a tabula rasa, with the axon of each pyramidal neuron having numerous submicrometer appositions with the dendrites of all neighboring pyramidal neurons, but is functionally highly selective, with synapses formed onto only a small proportion of these targets. This design leaves a vast potential for the microcircuit to rewire without extensive axonal or dendritic growth. To examine whether rewiring does take place, we used multineuron patch-clamp recordings on 12- to 14-day-old rat neocortical slices and studied long-term changes in synaptic connectivity within clusters of neurons. We found pyramidal neurons spontaneously connecting and disconnecting from each other and that exciting the slice with glutamate greatly increases the number of new connections established. Evoked emergence of new synaptic connections requires action potential activity and activation of metabotropic glutamate receptor 5, but not NMDA receptor or group II or group III metabotropic glutamate receptor activation. We also found that it is the weaker connections that are selectively eliminated. These results provide direct evidence for spontaneous and evoked rewiring of the neocortical microcircuitry involving entire functional multisynaptic connections. We speculate that this form of microcircuit plasticity enables an evolution of the microcircuit connectivity by natural selection as a function of experience.	2006-01-01	Proceedings Of The National Academy Of Sciences Of The United States Of America
10.1016/j.jmb.2023.168234	Structural Basis of the Allosteric Inhibition of Human ABCG2 by Nanobodies	ABCG2 is an ATP-binding cassette transporter that exports a wide range of xenobiotic compounds and has been recognized as a contributing factor for multidrug resistance in cancer cells. Substrate and inhibitor interactions with ABCG2 have been extensively studied and small molecule inhibitors have been developed that prevent the export of anticancer drugs from tumor cells. Here, we explore the potential for inhibitors that target sites other than the substrate binding pocket of ABCG2. We developed novel nanobodies against ABCG2 and used functional analyses to select three inhibitory nanobodies (Nb8, Nb17 and Nb96) for structural studies by single particle cryo-electron microscopy. Our results showed that these nanobodies allosterically bind to different regions of the nucleotide binding domains. Two copies of Nb8 bind to the apex of the NBDs preventing them from fully closing. Nb17 binds near the two-fold axis of the transporter and interacts with both NBDs. Nb96 binds to the side of the NBD and immobilizes a region connected to key motifs involved in ATP binding and hydrolysis. All three nanobodies prevent the transporter from undergoing conformational changes required for substrate transport. These findings advance our understanding of the molecular basis of modulation of ABCG2 by external binders, which may contribute to the development of a new generation of inhibitors. Furthermore, this is the first example of modulation of human multidrug resistance transporters by nanobodies.(c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	2023-08-30	Journal Of Molecular Biology
10.1103/PhysRevB.79.064421	Theory of severe slowdown in the relaxation of rings and clusters with antiferromagnetic interactions	We show that in the severe slowing-down temperature regime the relaxation of antiferromagnetic rings and similar magnetic nanoclusters is governed by the quasicontinuum portion of their quadrupolar fluctuation spectrum and not by the lowest excitation lines. This is at the heart of the intriguing near-universal power-law temperature dependence of the electronic correlation frequency omega(c) with an exponent close to 4. The onset of this behavior is defined by an energy scale which is fixed by the lowest spin gap Delta(0). This explains why the experimental curves of omega(c) for different cluster sizes and spins nearly coincide when T is rescaled by Delta(0).	2009-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1038/s41467-022-32305-0	Diverse cell-specific patterns of alternative polyadenylation in Drosophila	Most genes in higher eukaryotes express isoforms with distinct 3' untranslated regions (3' UTRs), generated by alternative polyadenylation (APA). Since 3' UTRs are predominant locations of post-transcriptional regulation, APA can render such programs conditional, and can also alter protein sequences via alternative last exon (ALE) isoforms. We previously used 3'-sequencing from diverse Drosophila samples to define multiple tissue-specific APA landscapes. Here, we exploit comprehensive single nucleus RNA-sequencing data (Fly Cell Atlas) to elucidate cell-type expression of 3' UTRs across >250 adult Drosophila cell types. We reveal the cellular bases of multiple tissue-specific APA/ALE programs, such as 3' UTR lengthening in differentiated neurons and 3' UTR shortening in spermatocytes and spermatids. We trace dynamic 3' UTR patterns across cell lineages, including in the male germline, and discover new APA patterns in the intestinal stem cell lineage. Finally, we correlate expression of RNA binding proteins (RBPs), miRNAs and global levels of cleavage and polyadenylation (CPA) factors in several cell types that exhibit characteristic APA landscapes, yielding candidate regulators of transcriptome complexity. These analyses provide a comprehensive foundation for future investigations of mechanisms and biological impacts of alternative 3' isoforms across the major cell types of this widely-studied model organism.	2022-09-13	Nature Communications
10.5194/amt-13-4277-2020	Three-dimensional radiative transfer effects on airborne and ground-based trace gas remote sensing	Air mass factors (AMFs) are used in passive trace gas remote sensing for converting slant column densities (SCDs) to vertical column densities (VCDs). AMFs are traditionally computed with 1D radiative transfer models assuming horizontally homogeneous conditions. However, when observations are made with high spatial resolution in a heterogeneous atmosphere or above a heterogeneous surface, 3D effects may not be negligible. To study the importance of 3D effects on AMFs for different types of trace gas remote sensing, we implemented 1D-layer and 3D-box AMFs into the Monte carlo code for the phYSically correct Tracing of photons In Cloudy atmospheres (MYSTIC), a solver of the libRadtran radiative transfer model (RTM). The 3D-box AMF implementation is fully consistent with 1D-layer AMFs under horizontally homogeneous conditions and agrees very well ( < 5 % relative error) with 1D-layer AMFs computed by other RTMs for a wide range of scenarios. The 3D-box AMFs make it possible to visualize the 3D spatial distribution of the sensitivity of a trace gas observation, which we demonstrate with two examples. First, we computed 3D-box AMFs for ground-based multi-axis spectrometer (MAX-DOAS) observations for different viewing geometry and aerosol scenarios. The results illustrate how the sensitivity reduces with distance from the instrument and that a non-negligible part of the signal originates from outside the line of sight. Such information is invaluable for interpreting MAX-DOAS observations in heterogeneous environments such as urban areas. Second, 3D-box AMFs were used to generate synthetic nitrogen dioxide (NO2) SCDs for an air-borne imaging spectrometer observing the NO2 plume emitted from a tall stack. The plume was imaged under different solar zenith angles and solar azimuth angles. To demonstrate the limitations of classical 1D-layer AMFs, VCDs were then computed assuming horizontal homogeneity. As a result, the imaged NO2 plume was shifted in space, which led to a strong underestimation of the total VCDs in the plume maximum and an underestimation of the integrated line densities that can be used for estimating emissions from NO2 images. The two examples demonstrate the importance of 3D effects for several types of ground-based and airborne remote sensing when the atmosphere cannot be assumed to be horizontally homogeneous, which is typically the case in the vicinity of emission sources or in cities.	2020-08-14	Atmospheric Measurement Techniques
10.1023/A:1015185605861	On the simulation of unsteady flow of an Oldroyd-B fluid by spectral methods	We consider the incompressible, isothermal and inertialess flow of an Oldroyd-B viscoelastic fluid in the absence of body forces. We report numerical results on the simulation of unsteady flow of an Oldroyd-B fluid by spectral element methods. Several techniques to cure the instabilities are considered	2002-01-01	Journal of Scientific Computing
10.1021/acs.nanolett.5b02143	Three Dimensional Nano "Langmuir Trough" for Lipid Studies	A three-dimensional-phospholipid monolayer with tunable molecular structure was created on the surface of oil nanodroplets from a mixture of phospholipids, oil, and water. This simple nanoemulsion preparation technique generates an in situ prepared membrane model system with controllable molecular surface properties that resembles a lipid droplet. The molecular interfacial structure of such a nanoscopic system composed of hexadecane, 1,2-dihexadecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine (DPPC), and water was determined using vibrational sum frequency scattering and second harmonic scattering techniques. The droplet surface structure of DPPC can be tuned from a tightly packed liquid condensed phase like monolayer to a more dilute one that resembles the liquid condensed/liquid expanded coexistence phase by varying the DPPC/oil/water ratio. The tunability of the chemical structure, the high surface-to-volume ratio, and the small sample volume make this system an ideal model membrane for biochemical research.	2015-01-01	Nano Letters
10.1016/j.jse.2023.09.022	Surgical approaches to the capitellum: a comparative anatomic study	Background: Osteochondritis dissecans (OCD) of the humeral capitellum is an important cause of elbow disability in young athletes. Large and unstable lesions sometimes require joint reconstruction with osteochondral autograft. Several approaches have been described to expose the capitellum for the purpose of treating OCD. The posterior anconeus-splitting approach and the lateral approach with or without release of the lateral ligamentous complex are the most frequently used for this indication. The surface accessible by these approaches has not been widely studied. This study compared the extent of the articular surface of the capitellum that could be exposed with the Kocher approach (without ligament release) vs. the posterior anconeus-splitting approach. A secondary outcome was the measurement of any additional area that could be reached with lateral ulnar collateral ligament release (Wrightington approach). Methods: The 3 approaches were performed on 8 adult cadaveric elbows: first, the Kocher approach; then, the anconeus-splitting approach; and finally, the Wrightington approach. The visible articular surface was marked out after completion of each approach. Results: The mean articular surface of the capitellum was 708 mm 2 (range, 573-830 mm 2 ). The mean visible articular surface was 49% (range, 43%-60%) of the total surface with the Kocher approach, 74% (range, 61%-90%) with the posterior anconeus-splitting approach, and 93% (range, 91%-97% ) with the Wrightington approach. Although the Kocher approach provided access to the anterior part of the capitellum, the anconeus-splitting approach showed adequate exposure to the posterior three-quarters of the articular surface and overlapped the most posterior part of the Kocher approach. A combination of the 2 lateral ulnar collateral ligament-preserving approaches allowed access to 100% of the joint surface. Conclusion: Most OCD lesions are located in the posterior area of the capitellum and can therefore be reached with the anconeussplitting approach. When OCD lesions are located anteriorly, the Kocher approach without ligament release is efficient. A combination of these 2 approaches enabled the entirety of the joint surface to be viewed. Level of evidence: Anatomy Study; Cadaveric Dissection (c) 2023 Journal of Shoulder and Elbow Surgery Board of Trustees. All rights reserved.	2024-04-01	Journal Of Shoulder And Elbow Surgery
10.1111/ffe.12284	Microstructural stability of ODS steels in cyclic loading	The remarkable microstructural stability of high chromium steels prepared by powder metallurgy and strengthened by dispersion of nanometric yttrium oxides in cyclic loading at high temperatures is reported. Contrary to the continuous cyclic softening and profound changes in the microstructure during fatigue of common high chromium steels, the addition of 0.3wt% Y2O3 stabilizes the microstructure and significantly reduces cyclic softening of investigated steels. The evolution of microstructure as a result of fatigue loading at room temperature, 650 and 750 degrees C, was examined by means of transmission electron microscopy. Only minor changes in the microstructure were detected. The stability of oxide particles after high-temperature exposure was confirmed by energy dispersion spectroscopy chemical analysis. The microstructural features are discussed in relation to the cyclic behaviour of the oxide dispersion strengthened steels. The analysis of the hysteresis loop indicates that oxide nanoclusters are intersected and dissolved in slip bands of ODS Eurofer steel. This process contributes to cyclic softening.	2015-01-01	Fatigue & Fracture Of Engineering Materials & Structures
10.1038/s41598-020-77737-0	Fluorescence lifetime imaging with a megapixel SPAD camera and neural network lifetime estimation	Fluorescence lifetime imaging microscopy (FLIM) is a key technology that provides direct insight into cell metabolism, cell dynamics and protein activity. However, determining the lifetimes of different fluorescent proteins requires the detection of a relatively large number of photons, hence slowing down total acquisition times. Moreover, there are many cases, for example in studies of cell collectives, where wide-field imaging is desired. We report scan-less wide-field FLIM based on a 0.5 MP resolution, time-gated Single Photon Avalanche Diode (SPAD) camera, with acquisition rates up to 1 Hz. Fluorescence lifetime estimation is performed via a pre-trained artificial neural network with 1000-fold improvement in processing times compared to standard least squares fitting techniques. We utilised our system to image HT1080-human fibrosarcoma cell line as well as Convallaria. The results show promise for real-time FLIM and a viable route towards multi-megapixel fluorescence lifetime images, with a proof-of-principle mosaic image shown with 3.6 MP.	2020-12-02	Scientific Reports
10.1109/TCI.2016.2601296	A General Framework for Compressed Sensing and Parallel MRI Using Annihilating Filter Based Low-Rank Hankel Matrix	Parallel MRI (pMRI) and compressed sensing MRI (CS-MRI) have been considered as two distinct reconstruction problems. Inspired by recent k-space interpolation methods, an annihilating filter-based low-rank Hankel matrix approach is proposed as a general framework for sparsity-driven k-space interpolation method which unifies pMRI and CS-MRI. Specifically, our framework is based on a novel observation that the transform domain sparsity in the primary space implies the low-rankness of weighted Hankel matrix in the reciprocal space. This converts pMRI and CS-MRI to a k-space interpolation problem using a structured matrix completion. Experimental results using in vivo data for single/multicoil imaging as well as dynamic imaging confirmed that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art pMRI and CS-MRI.	2016-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Computational Imaging
10.1016/j.fusengdes.2024.114257	Technology challenges and integration of the plasma position reflectometer in RFX-mod2	The integration of the new plasma position reflectometer in the RFX-mod2 experiment (the upgraded version of the previous RFX-mod that operated until 2015) is presented in this contribution. Particular attention has been devoted to the high field side subsystem where an antenna pair will be installed in the inner midplane. Waveguides, insulated through the application of a ZrO painting, will be routed in between the vacuum vessel and the conductive shell to a vertical port. The severe constraints in terms of physical space available guided the antennas design: a hoghorn antenna model was first numerically modeled and, due to the complex geometry, produced through metal additive manufacturing; then, a post -production surface treatment allowed achieving a surface with characteristic roughness and conductivity comparable to traditional manufactured antennas. Different bench tests are presented to assess the system performance.	2024-02-20	Fusion Engineering And Design
10.1534/genetics.111.137513	The Limits to Parapatric Speciation: Dobzhansky-Muller Incompatibilities in a Continent-Island Model	How much gene flow is needed to inhibit speciation by the accumulation of Dobzhansky-Muller incompatibilities (DMIs) in a structured population? Here, we derive these limits in a classical migration-selection model with two haploid or diploid loci and unidirectional gene flow from a continent to an island. We discuss the dependence of the maximum gene-flow rate on ecological factors (exogeneous selection), genetic factors (epistasis, recombination), and the evolutionary history. Extensive analytical and numerical results show the following: (1) The maximum rate of gene flow is limited by exogeneous selection. In particular, maintenance of neutral DMIs is impossible with gene flow. (2) There are two distinct mechanisms that drive DMI evolution in parapatry, selection against immigrants in a heterogeneous environment and selection against hybrids due to the incompatibility. (3) Depending on the mechanism, opposite predictions result concerning the genetic architecture that maximizes the rate of gene flow a DMI can sustain. Selection against immigrants favors evolution of tightly linked DMIs of arbitrary strength, whereas selection against hybrids promotes the evolution of strong unlinked DMIs. In diploids, the fitness of the double heterozygotes is the decisive factor to predict the pattern of DMI stability.	2012-01-01	Genetics
10.1063/1.4878396	Scaling in the quantum Hall regime of graphene Corbino devices	The scaling behavior of graphene devices in Corbino geometry was investigated through temperature dependent conductivity measurements under magnetic field. Evaluation of the Landau level width as a function of temperature yielded a relatively low temperature exponent of k = 0.16 +/- 0.05. Furthermore, an unusually large value close to 7.6 +/- 0.9 was found for the universal scaling constant gamma, while the determined inelastic scattering exponent of p = 2 is consistent with established scattering mechanisms in graphene. The deviation of the scaling parameters from values characteristic of conventional two-dimensional electron gases is attributed to an inhomogeneous charge carrier distribution in the Corbino devices. Direct evidence for the presence of the latter could be gained by spatially resolved photocurrent microscopy away from the charge neutrality point of the devices. (C) 2014 AIP Publishing LLC.	2014-01-01	Applied Physics Letters
10.1016/0921-5093(91)90222-9	Lorentz-Force-Driven Infiltration By Aluminum	A new process for infiltrating fibrous pre-forms with liquid metal is presented which eliminates the need for pressurization of the metal or pre-form chemical pretreatment. The molten matrix material and preform are held in a cermic crucible so that the melt forms an annulus around the pre-form. These are then subjected to an intense high frequency magnetic pulse. The eddy currents induced in the melt interact with the magnetic pulse to propel the metal into the pre-form at a high speed, infiltrating the preform. The infiltration length is governed by the nature and number of discharges. Work in progress on modeling the process, with the aim of predicting the infiltration produced by discharges of known characteristics, is described. A finite difference solution is used to solve the governing electromagnetic field equations. The predicted electromagnetic field is then used together with Ergun's equation to calculate the infiltration distance. Preliminary experimental results are presented as well, in which infiltrations in excess of 2 mm have been achieved on Saffil(TM) pre-forms with aluminum as the infiltrating matrix.	1991-01-01	Materials Science And Engineering A-Structural Materials Properties Microstructure And Processing
10.5751/Es-07448-200223	How to successfully publish interdisciplinary research: learning from an Ecology and Society Special Feature	What are the factors that hinder or support publishing interdisciplinary research? What does a successful interdisciplinary publishing process look like? We address these questions by analyzing the publishing process of the interdisciplinary research project titled "Mountland." Project researchers published most of their main results as a Special Feature of Ecology and Society. Using the story wall method and qualitative content analysis, we identified ten factors contributing to the success or failure of publishing interdisciplinary research. They can be assigned to four groups of resources: scientific resources, i.e., previous joint research, simultaneously written manuscripts; human resources, i.e., coordination, flexibility, composition of the team; integrative resources, i.e., vision of integration, chronology of results; and feedback resources, i.e., internal reviews, subject editors, external reviewers. According to this analysis, an ideal-typical publishing process necessitates, among other things, (1) a strong, interdisciplinary coordinator, (2) a clear shared vision of integration and a common framework, (3) flexibility in terms of money and time, (4) a certain sense of timing regarding when and how to exchange results and knowledge, (5) subject editors who are familiar with the specific project and its interdisciplinary merits, and (6) reviewers who are open minded about interdisciplinary efforts.	2015-01-01	Ecology And Society
10.1111/1469-0691.12609	Genome-wide re-sequencing of multidrug-resistant Mycobacterium leprae Airaku-3	Genotyping and molecular characterization of drug resistance mechanisms in Mycobacterium leprae enables disease transmission and drug resistance trends to be monitored. In the present study, we performed genome-wide analysis of Airaku-3, a multidrug-resistant strain with an unknown mechanism of resistance to rifampicin. We identified 12 unique non-synonymous single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) including two in the transporter-encoding ctpC and ctpI genes. In addition, two SNPs were found that improve the resolution of SNP-based genotyping, particularly for Venezuelan and South East Asian strains of M.leprae.	2014-01-01	Clinical Microbiology And Infection
10.1038/s41560-023-01421-6	Multifunctional sulfonium-based treatment for perovskite solar cells with less than 1% efficiency loss over 4,500-h operational stability tests	The stabilization of grain boundaries and surfaces of the perovskite layer is critical to extend the durability of perovskite solar cells. Here we introduced a sulfonium-based molecule, dimethylphenethylsulfonium iodide (DMPESI), for the post-deposition treatment of formamidinium lead iodide perovskite films. The treated films show improved stability upon light soaking and remains in the black alpha phase after two years ageing under ambient condition without encapsulation. The DMPESI-treated perovskite solar cells show less than 1% performance loss after more than 4,500 h at maximum power point tracking, yielding a theoretical T80 of over nine years under continuous 1-sun illumination. The solar cells also display less than 5% power conversion efficiency drops under various ageing conditions, including 100 thermal cycles between 25°C and 85°C and an 1,050-h damp heat test.	2024-01-04	Nature Energy
10.1088/0957-0233/23/11/115303	Thermocouple Thermal Inertia Effects on Impingement Heat Transfer Experiments Using the Transient Liquid Crystal Technique	The transient liquid crystal technique is widely used for impingement heat transfer experiments. Additionally, due to the difficulty of producing pure temperature steps in the flow, many authors assumed the fluid temperature evolution as a series of step changes using Duhamel’s superposition theorem. However, for small impingement configurations where the jets are fed from the same plenum chamber, and hence flow velocities are relatively small, thermal inertia of commercial thermocouples causes a delay, lagging from the real plenum temperature history. This paper investigates thermal inertia characteristics of thermocouples and their effect on the calculation of impingement heat transfer coefficient. Several thermocouples with exposed junction and different wire diameter were considered over a range of plenum flow conditions typically found in impingement heat transfer experiments. The effect of thermocouple time constant on the evaluation of the heat transfer rate was investigated in a narrow channel consisting of five inline impingement jets. The results indicated a significant effect of thermocouple response on the stagnation point region heat transfer, while lower local heat transfer rates are negligibly affected as liquid crystal signals appear later in time and the driving gas temperature history has a smaller influence on the evaluated data.	2012-01-01	Measurement Science and Technology
10.1158/1535-7163.MCT-11-0048	Pathway Analysis of Glioblastoma Tissue after Preoperative Treatment with the EGFR Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Gefitinib-A Phase II Trial	Amplification of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) gene is one of the most common oncogenic alterations in glioblastoma (45%) making it a prime target for therapy. However, small molecule inhibitors of the EGFR tyrosine kinase showed disappointing efficacy in clinical trials for glioblastoma. Here we aimed at investigating the molecular effects of the tyrosine kinase inhibitor gefitinib on the EGFR signaling pathway in human glioblastoma. Twenty-two patients selected for reoperation of recurrent glioblastoma were treated within a phase II trial for 5 days with 500 mg gefitinib before surgery followed by postoperative gefitinib until recurrence. Resected glioblastoma tissues exhibited high concentrations of gefitinib (median, 4.1 mu g/g), 20 times higher than respective plasma. EGFR-pathway activity was evaluated with phosphorylation-specific assays. The EGFR was efficiently dephosphorylated in treated patients as compared to a control cohort of 12 patients. However, no significant effect on 12 pathway constituents was detected. In contrast, in vitro treatment of a glioblastoma cell line, BS-153, with endogenous EGFRwt amplification and EGFRvIII expression resulted not only in dephosphorylation of the EGFR, but also of key regulators in the pathway such as AKT. Treating established xenografts of the same cell line as an in vivo model showed dephosphorylation of the EGFR without affecting downstream signal transductors, similar to the human glioblastoma. Taken together, gefitinib reaches high concentrations in the tumor tissue and efficiently dephosphorylates its target. However, regulation of downstream signal transducers in the EGFR pathway seems to be dominated by regulatory circuits independent of EGFR phosphorylation. Mol Cancer Ther; 10(6); 1102-12. (C)2011 AACR.	2011-01-01	Molecular Cancer Therapeutics
10.1101/gr.206870.116	A privacy-preserving solution for compressed storage and selective retrieval of genomic data	In clinical genomics, the continuous evolution of bioinformatic algorithms and sequencing platforms makes it beneficial to store patients' complete aligned genomic data in addition to variant calls relative to a reference sequence. Due to the large size of human genome sequence data files (varying from 30 GB to 200 GB depending on coverage), two major challenges facing genomics laboratories are the costs of storage and the efficiency of the initial data processing. In addition, privacy of genomic data is becoming an increasingly serious concern, yet no standard data storage solutions exist that enable compression, encryption, and selective retrieval. Here we present a privacy-preserving solution named SECRAM (elective retrieval on Encrypted and Compressed Reference oriented Alignment Map) for the secure storage of compressed aligned genomic data. Our solution enables selective retrieval of encrypted data and improves the efficiency of downstream analysis (e.g., variant calling). Compared with BAM, the de facto standard for storing aligned genomic data, SECRAM uses 18% less storage. Compared with CRAM, one of the most compressed nonencrypted formats (using 34% less storage than BAM), SECRAM maintains efficient compression and downstream data processing, while allowing for unprecedented levels of security in genomic data storage. Compared with previous work, the distinguishing features of SECRAM are that (1) it is position-based instead of read-based, and (2) it allows random querying of a subregion from a BAM-like file in an encrypted form. Our method thus offers a space-saving, privacy-preserving, and effective solution for the storage of clinical genomic data.	2016-10-27	Genome Research
10.1039/c0sc00224k	Controlling the specific enrichment of multi-phosphorylated peptides on oxide materials: aluminium foil as a target plate for laser desorption ionization mass spectrometry	A specific multi-phosphopeptide enrichment method is presented to complement current phosphopeptide isolation strategies that normally bias mass spectrometry analysis towards the detection of mono-phosphopeptides. An adsorption model is developed that shows how the physical parameters of adsorption such as specific surface area, adsorption time, etc. control the extraction of mono- and multi-phosphorylated peptides on oxide materials such as alumina. Commercial alumina particles, alumina supported on aluminium particles and alumina on aluminium foils were used to enrich multi-phosphopeptides. The synthesized phosphopeptides and tryptic digests of casein and milk were employed as samples to validate the adsorption simulation. Both experimental and theoretical results show how the selective enrichment of multi-phosphopeptides can be achieved when using extractors with a high specific affinity for phosphate groups but with a relatively small loading capacity or specific surface area. We also show that a commercial aluminium foil represents an ideal substrate to enrich multi-phosphorylated peptides for laser desorption ionisation mass spectrometry.	2010-01-01	Chemical Science -Royal Society of Chemistry-
10.1145/234313.234381	Computer animation	Computer animation may be defined as a technique in which the illusion of movement is created by displaying on a screen or recording on a device a series of individual states of a dynamic scene. The key issue of computer animation is defining motion, commonly known as motion control methods (MCMs). MCMs may be classified according to the nature of the information that is directly manipulated: geometric, physical, or behavioral	1996-01-01	ACM Computing Surveys
10.1088/1367-2630/16/12/123001	Observation of B-s(0) -> K* (+/-) K -/+ and evidence for B-s(0) -> K*(-) pi(+) decays	Measurements of the branching fractions of B-s(0) -> K*K-+/-(-/+) and B-s(0) -> K*(+/-) pi(-/+) decays are performed using a data sample corresponding to 1.0 fb(-1) of protonproton collision data collected with the LHCb detector at a centre-of- mass energy of 7 TeV, where the K*(+/-) mesons are reconstructed in the K-s(0) pi(+/-) final state. The first observation of the B-s(0) -> K*(+/-) K--/+ decay and the first evidence for the B-s(0) -> K*(-) pi(+) decay are reported with branching fractions B(B-s(0) -> K*K-+/-(-/+)) = (12.7 +/- 1.9 +/- 1.9) x 10(-6) , B(B-s(0) -> K*(-) pi(+)) = (3.3 +/- 1.1 +/- 0.5) x 10(-6) , where the first uncertainties are statistical and the second are systematic. In addition, an upper limit of B(B-0 -> K*K-+/-(-/+)) < 0.4 (0.5) x 10(-6) is set at 90% (95%) confidence level.	2014-01-01	New Journal of Physics
10.1021/acs.jctc.4c00116	Solvation Free Energies from Machine Learning Molecular Dynamics	The present work proposes an extension to the approach of [Xi, C; et al. J. Chem. Theory Comput. 2022, 18, 6878] to calculate ion solvation free energies from first-principles (FP) molecular dynamics (MD) simulations of a hybrid solvation model. The approach is first re-expressed within the quasi-chemical theory of solvation. Then, to allow for longer simulation times than the original first-principles molecular dynamics approach and thus improve the convergence of statistical averages at a fraction of the original computational cost, a machine-learned (ML) energy function is trained on FP energies and forces and used in the MD simulations. The ML workflow and MD simulation times (approximate to 200 ps) are adjusted to converge the predicted solvation energies within a chemical accuracy of 0.04 eV. The extension is successfully benchmarked on the same set of alkaline and alkaline-earth ions.	2024-05-21	Journal Of Chemical Theory And Computation
10.1117/1.Jbo.20.12.127001	Miniature probe for the delivery and monitoring of a photopolymerizable material	Photopolymerization is a common method to cure materials initially in a liquid state, such as dental implants or bone or tissue fillers. Recent advances in the development of biocompatible gel- and cement-systems open up an avenue for in situ photopolymerization. For minimally invasive surgery, such procedures require miniaturized surgical endoscopic probes to activate and control photopolymerization in situ. We present a miniaturized light probe in which a photoactive material can be (1) mixed, pressurized, and injected, (2) photopolymerized/photoactivated, and (3) monitored during the chemical reaction. The device is used to implant and cure poly(ethylene glycol) dimethacrylate-hydrogel-precursor in situ with ultraviolet A (UVA) light (365 nm) while the polymerization reaction is monitored in real time by collecting the fluorescence and Raman signals generated by the 532 nm excitation light source. Hydrogels could be delivered, photopolymerized, and monitored by the probe up to a curing depth of 4 cm. The size of the photopolymerized samples could be correlated to the fluorescent signal collected by the probe, and the reproducibility of the procedure could be demonstrated. The position of the probe tip inside a bovine caudal intervertebral disc could be estimated in vitro based on the collected fluores- cence and Raman signal.	2015-01-01	Journal of Biomedical Optics
10.7866/HPE-RPE.22.4.6	The Economics of Incomplete Plan - on Conditions, Procedures and Design of Future Mission - Oriented Innovation Policies	The buzzword in industrial policy and innovation policy circles is mission-oriented innovation policy (MOIP) -which means a policy to encourage innovation intended to accomplish a certain missionwhether it be a societal challenge (climate change, global health) or an industrial policy issue (sectoral transition or modernisation, establishment of a new industry). This new category results from what seems a priori to be just a simple qualifying extension of mission-oriented policies (MOPs) -very much in vogue in the 70's and 80's and used particularly in sectors like space and defence. However, this 'simple' qualifying extension does in fact cause a significant discontinuity that merits reflection. While a mission imposes a discipline and centralised priorities and decisions, innovation on the other hand can't be planned. Innovation is so uncertain that no plan will ever enable it to be tamed. There is thus a tension between mission and innovation, between a planning logic and a freedom to experiment logic. This tension implies thus advancing our knowledge about MOIP design, which is the goal of this paper.	2022-01-01	Hacienda Publica Espanola-Review Of Public Economics
10.1038/s41467-021-25841-8	Ultrafast optical circuit switching for data centers using integrated soliton microcombs	Optical technologies could enable fast and power-efficient networks for data centers. Here, the authors report Si3N4 microcomb based ultrafast photonic switching to provide enhanced performance for data center applications.	2021-10-15	Nature Communications
10.1163/156856296X00471	Alkylation of cellulosic membranes results in reduced complement activation	4-Vinyl pyridine was grafted to the surface of the cellulosic membrane Cuprophan, and subsequently alkylated with both C10 and C16 aliphatic chains. Complement activation of heparinized human blood, corrected for anaphylatoxin adhesion, was measured by radioimmunoassay. The surface treatments both yielded substantial reductions in C5a activity, with a lessor reduction in C3a and C4a activity. Alkylation with 10 and 16 carbon chains resulted both in enhancements of albumin adsorption and stability. These enhancements as well as the reductions in complement activation were statistically indistinguishable between the two treatments. The reduction in complement activation was influenced more by adsorption of endogenous albumin and possibly by the vinyl pyridine graft, than the removal of surface active hydroxyl groups from Cuprophan. [on SciFinder (R)]	1996-01-01	Journal of biomaterials science, Polymer edition
10.1103/PhysRevLett.93.262001	Search for CP violation in charged-Ξ and Λ hyperon decays	The novel sources of CP violation observed in charged χ and λ hyperon decays were investigated. A comparison of the p and p̄ angular distributions in the hyperon decays was made using a subset of the data from the HyperCP experiment (E871) at Fermilab. A possible source of bias was found to be a momentum-dependent differential loss of events due to interactions of the χ- and χ̄+ decay products. The obtained result was observed to be stable with respect to time, χ momentum, and secondary-beam intensity, The results show that differences between the χ- and χ+ production angles could cause a bias due to production polarization differences.	2004-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1017/jfm.2018.587	Mechanical energy budget and mixing efficiency for a radiatively heated ice-covered waterbody	Ice-covered waterbodies are far from being quiescent systems. In this paper, we investigate ice-covered freshwater basins heated by solar radiation that penetrates across waters with temperatures below or near the temperature of maximum density. In this scenario, solar radiation sets a radiative buoyancy flux, , that forces increments of temperature/density in the upper fluid volume, which can become gravitationally unstable and drive convection. The goal of this study is twofold. We first focus on formulating the mechanical energy budget, putting emphasis on the conversion of to available potential energy, . We find that results from a competition among and the irreversible mixing controlled by the diapycnal and the laminar mixing rates, respectively. Secondly, and based on the above result, we introduce an integral formulation of the mixing efficiency to quantify the rate of mixing over the relevant time scale , , where and are the change of background potential energy and the time-integrated over . The above definition is applied to estimate for the first time, finding an approximate value of . This result suggests that radiatively heated ice-covered waterbodies might be subject to high mixing rates. Overall, the present work provides a framework to examine energetics and mixing in ice-covered waters.	2018-08-03	Journal of Fluid Mechanics
10.1021/jacs.9b05967	Preserving Porosity of Mesoporous Metal-Organic Frameworks through the Introduction of Polymer Guests	High internal surface areas, an asset that is highly sought after in material design, has brought metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) to the forefront of materials research. In fact, a major focus in the field is on creating innovative ways to maximize MOF surface areas. Despite this, large-pore MOFs, particularly those with mesopores, continue to face problems with pore collapse upon activation. Herein, we demonstrate an easy method to inhibit this problem via the introduction of small quantities of polymer. For several mesoporous, isostructural MOFs, known as M-2(NDISA) (where M = Ni2+, Co2+, Mg2+, or Zn2+), the accessible surface areas are increased dramatically, from 5 to 50 times, as the polymer effectively pins the MOFs open. Postpolymerization, the high surface areas and crystallinity are now readily maintained after heating the materials to 150 degrees C under vacuum. These activation conditions, which could not previously be attained due to pore collapse, also provide accessibility to high densities of open metal coordination sites. Molecular simulations are used to provide insight into the origin of instability of the M-2(NDISA) series and to propose a potential mechanism for how the polymers immobilize the linkers, improving framework stability. Last, we demonstrate that the resulting MOF-polymer composites, referred to as M-2(NDISA)-PDA, offer a perfect platform for the appendage/immobilization of small nanocrystals inside rendering high-performance catalysts. After decorating one of the composites with Pd (average size: 2 nm) nanocrystals, the material shows outstanding catalytic activity for Suzuki-Miyaura cross-coupling reactions.	2019-08-07	Journal of the American Chemical Society
10.1002/hlca.19930760602	Why pentose- and not hexose-nucleic acids? Part VII. Pyranosyl-RNA('p-RNA')	A review with 39 refs. Qual. conformational anal. of the entirety of conceivable hexo- and pentopyranosyl oligonucleotide systems derived from the diastereoisomeric aldohexoses (CH2O)6 and aldopentoses (CH2O)5 predicts the existence of a variety of pairing systems which have not been exptl. investigated so far. In particular, the anal. foresees the existence of a ribopyranosyl isomer of RNA ('p-RNA'), contg. the phosphodiester linkage between the positions C(4') and C(2') of neighboring ribopyranosyl units. Double strands of p-RNA oligonucleotides are expected to have a linear structure and to show purine-pyrimidine and purine-purine (Watson-Crick) pairing comparable in strength to that obsd. in homo-DNA. Exptl., synthetic b-D-ribopyranosyl (4'->2')-oligonucleotides derived from adenine and uracil confirm this prognosis: adenine-uracil pairing in p-RNA duplexes is stronger than in the corresponding RNA duplexes. Importantly, adenine in p-Ribo(A8) does not show (reverse-Hoogsteen) self-pairing, in sharp contrast to its behavior in the homo-DNA series. The sheer existence of strong and selective pairing in a system that is constitutionally isomeric to RNA and can be predicted to have a linear structure has implications for the problem of RNA's origin. In this context, a comprehensive exptl. study of the pairing properties of p-RNA, of its potential for constitutional assembly, self-replication, and intra-duplex isomerization to RNA seems mandatory. [on SciFinder (R)]	1993-01-01	Helvetica Chimica Acta
10.1016/j.electacta.2016.02.097	Low-temperature Fabrication of Highly-Efficient, Optically-Transparent (FTO-free) Graphene Cathode for Co-Mediated Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells with Acetonitrile-free Electrolyte Solution	Propionitrile electrolyte solutions mixed with sulfolane or with 1-ethyl 3-methyl imidazolium tetracyanoborate (ionic liquid) are optimized for Co(bpy)(3)(3+)/Co(bpy)(3)(2+)-tmediated DSCs working at low illumination intensity. Highly-active cathode catalysts based on graphene oxide, either pure or mixed with graphene nanoplatelets or with stacked graphene fibers, can be prepared at temperatures <200 degrees C. The catalytic layers are well adhering to the substrates, i.e. to FTO or to stainless-steel surfaces, both the flat steel sheet and the steel wires in woven fabric consisting of transparent polyester (PEN) fibers in warp and stainless steel wires in weft (Sefar B23). The dye-sensitized solar cells with various cathodes, fabricated either from Pt or from optimized graphene-based catalysts, and supported by either FTO or by stainless-steel/PEN fabric, show similar solar conversion efficiencies between 6.9 and 7.9% at 0.25 sun illumination. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2016-01-01	Electrochimica Acta
10.1371/journal.pone.0069782	The C57BL/6J Mouse Exhibits Sporadic Congenital Portosystemic Shunts	C57BL/6 mice are the most widely used strain of laboratory mice. Using <italic>in vivo</italic> proton Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy (<sup>1</sup>H MRS), we have repeatedly observed an abnormal neurochemical profile in the brains of both wild-type and genetically modified mice derived from the C57BL/6J strain, consisting of a several fold increase in cerebral glutamine and two fold decrease in myo-inositol. This strikingly abnormal neurochemical “phenotype” resembles that observed in chronic liver disease or portosystemic shunting and appeared to be independent of transgene, origin or chow and was not associated with liver failure. As many as 25% of animals displayed the abnormal neurochemical profile, questioning the reliability of this model for neurobiology. We conducted an independent study to determine if this neurochemical profile was associated with portosystemic shunting. Our results showed that 100% of the mice with high brain glutamine displayed portosystemic shunting by concomitant portal angiography while all mice with normal brain glutamine did not. Since portosystemic shunting is known to cause alterations in gene expression in many organs including the brain, we conclude that portosystemic shunting may be the most significant problem associated with C57BL/6J inbreeding both for its effect on the central nervous system and for its systemic repercussions.	2013-01-01	PLoS ONE
10.1016/j.fusengdes.2020.111603	DEMO physics challenges beyond ITER	For electricity producing tokamak fusion reactors like EU-DEMO, it is prudent to choose a plasma scenario close to the ITER baseline, where the largest amount of experimental evidence is available. Nevertheless, there are some aspects in which ITER and EU-DEMO have to differ, as the simple exercise of up-scaling from ITER to a larger device is constrained both by physical nonlinearities and by technological limits. In this work, relevant differences between ITER and the current EU-DEMO baseline in terms of plasma scenario are discussed. Firstly, EU-DEMO is assumed to operate with a very large amount of radiative power originating both from the scrape-off layer and, markedly, from the core. This radiation level is obtained by means of seeded impurities, whose presence significantly affects many aspects of the scenario itself, especially in terms of transient control. Secondly, because of the need of breeding tritium, the EU-DEMO wall is less robust than the ITER one. This implies that every off-normal interruption of the plasma discharge, for example in presence of a divertor reattachment, cannot rely on fast-shutdown procedures finally triggering a loss of plasma control at high current, but other strategies need to be developed. Thirdly, the ITER method for the control of the so-called sawteeth (ST) has been shown to be too expensive in terms of auxiliary power requirements, thus other solutions have to be explored. Finally, the problem of actively mitigating, or suppressing, the Edge Localised Modes (ELMs) has recently increased the interest on naturally ELM-free regimes (like QH-mode, I-mode, and also negative triangularity) for EU-DEMO, thus increasing the needs for ELM mitigation or suppression with respect to the approach adopted in ITER.	2020-07-01	Fusion Engineering And Design
10.1007/s11042-015-2980-z	Modeling Immersive Media Experiences by Sensing Impact on Subjects	As immersive technologies target to provide higher quality of multimedia experiences, it is important to understand the quality of experience (QoE) perceived by users from various multimedia rendering schemes, in order to design and optimize human-centric immersive multimedia systems. In this study, various QoE-related aspects, such as depth perception, sensation of reality, content preference, and perceived quality are being investigated and compared for presentation of 2D and 3D contents. Since the advantages of implicit over explicit QoE assessment have become essential, the way these QoE-related aspects influence brain and periphery is also investigated. In particular, two classification schemes using electroencephalography (EEG) and peripheral signals (electrocardiography and respiration) are carried out, to explore if it is possible to automatically recognize the QoE-related aspects under investigation. In addition, a decision-fusion scheme is applied to EEG and peripheral features, to explore the advantage of integrating information from the two modalities. The results reveal that the highest monomodal average informedness is achieved in the high beta EEG band (0.14% +/- 0.09, p<0.01), when recognizing sensation of reality. The highest and significantly non-random multimodal average informedness is achieved in when high beta EEG band is fused with peripheral features (0.17% +/- 0.1, p<0.01), for the case of sensation of reality. Finally, a temporal analysis is conducted to explore how the EEG correlates for the case of sensation of reality change over time. The results reveal that that the right cortex is more involved when sensation of reality is low, and the left one when sensation of reality is high, indicating that approach and withdrawal-related processes occur during sensation of reality.	2016-01-01	Multimedia Tools and Applications
10.1016/j.aca.2010.12.039	A micro gas preconcentrator with improved performance for pollution monitoring and explosives detection	This paper presents the optimization of a micro gas preconcentrator based on a micro-channel in porous and non-porous silicon filled with an adequate adsorbent. This micro gas preconcentrator is both applicable in the fields of atmospheric pollution monitoring (Volatil organic compounds VOCs) and explosives detection (nitroaromatic compounds). Different designs of micro-devices and adsorbent materials have been investigated since these two parameters are of importance in the performances of the micro-device. The optimization of the device and its operation were driven by its future application in outdoor environments. Parameters such as the preconcentration factor, cycle time and the influence of the humidity were considered along the optimization process. As a result of this study, a preconcentrator with a total cycle time of 10 min and the use of single wall carbon nanotubes (SWCNTs) as adsorbent exhibits a good preconcentration factor for VOCs with a limited influence of the humidity. The benefits of using porous silicon to modify the gas desorption kinetics are also investigated. 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2011-01-01	Analytica Chimica Acta
10.1016/j.actamat.2023.119253	Vacancy segregation and intrinsic coordination defects at (111) twist grain boundaries in diamond	High radiation damage resistance has become increasingly important for applications of functional materials in harsh environments. The high radiation damage resistance diamond cubic carbon is a unique material which is considered for radiation environments. Beyond the intrinsic radiation hardness of crystal, the interaction between point defects and interfaces (e.g., grain boundaries) increases resistance to radiation damage. In effect, grain boundaries act as sinks for point defects and promote their mutual annihilation. Furthermore, interfaces can be exploited to obtain controlled segregation of point defects, thus avoiding the degradation of material properties due to uncontrolled point defect segregation and coalescence. In the present work, we investigate the interaction between vacancies - as a radiation defect in the bulk crystal - and (1 1 1) twist grain boundaries in crystalline diamond using atomistic simulation with analytical bond order potential. Based on previous observations on structure-property relationships characterising the (1 1 1) twist grain boundaries, this work analyses the emergence of periodic segregation patterns, which are rationalised by the underlying interface structure and their periodic intrinsic coordination defect populations. This observation suggests that randomly distributed vacancies in bulk single crystals can form self-organised defect arrays in the grain boundary. The coordination defect content correlates with the interface sink efficiency, providing guidelines for designing interfaces with high sink efficiency.	2023-09-20	Acta Materialia
10.1016/j.jet.2014.05.006	Information percolation in segmented markets	We study equilibria of dynamic over-the-counter markets in which agents are distinguished by their preferences and information. Over time, agents are privately informed by bids and offers. Investors differ with respect to information quality, including initial information precision, and also in terms of market "connectivity," the expected frequency of their bilateral trading opportunities. We characterize endogenous information acquisition and show how learning externalities affect information gathering incentives. More "liquid" markets lead to higher equilibrium information acquisition when the gains from trade and market duration are sufficiently large. On the other hand, for a small market duration, the opposite may occur if agents vary sufficiently in terms of their market connectivity. (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier Inc.	2014-01-01	Journal Of Economic Theory
10.1016/j.ssci.2019.09.004	Efficient management of nanomaterial hazards in a large number of research laboratories in an academic environment	As the number of engineered nanomaterials (ENM) used in research increases with an incredible speed, health and safety specialists are continuously faced with the challenge of evaluating the risks involved with these materials. Nowadays there is not enough information about their toxicology and new materials are continuously being developed. Preliminary scientific results indicate that ENM might have a damaging impact on human health, which makes it even more important to have the right mitigation measures in place. To address this challenge a methodology of iterative nature has been developed, and this paper demonstrates how the iterative cycle is applied in practice and the added value this adds to the university in terms of economic value, protection of researcher health and identifying knowledge-gaps. The methodology is adaptive and learning based, and it takes into account both the hazard level of the ENM and the exposure. The usefulness and completeness of the methodology is demonstrated with an extensive classification of the activities involving ENM at the EPFL research campus. This classification allowed for a complete hazard portfolio and a simplified risk mapping, which facilitates resource allocation decision-making.	2020-01-01	Safety Science
10.1103/PhysRevD.98.063534	Influence of backreaction of electric fields and Schwinger effect on inflationary magnetogenesis	We study the generation of electromagnetic fields during inflation when the conformal invariance of Maxwell's action is broken by the kinetic coupling f(2)(phi)F mu nu F mu nu of the electromagnetic field to the inflaton field phi We consider the case where the coupling function f(phi) decreases in time during inflation and, as a result, the electric component of the energy density dominates over the magnetic one. The system of equations which governs the joint evolution of the scale factor, inflaton field, and electric energy density is derived. The backreaction occurs when the electric energy density becomes as large as the product of the slow-roll parameter. and inflaton energy density,rho(E) similar to epsilon rho(inf). It affects the inflaton field evolution and leads to the scale-invariant electric power spectrum and the magnetic one which is blue with the spectral index n(B) = 2 for any decreasing coupling function. This gives an upper limit on the present-day value of observed magnetic fields below 10(-22) G. It is worth emphasizing that since the effective electric charge of particles e(eff) = e/f is suppressed by the coupling function, the Schwinger effect becomes important only at the late stages of inflation when the inflaton field is close to the minimum of its potential. The Schwinger effect abruptly decreases the value of the electric field, helping to finish the inflation stage and enter the stage of preheating. It effectively produces the charged particles, implementing the Schwinger reheating scenario even before the fast oscillations of the inflaton. The numerical analysis is carried out in the Starobinsky model of inflation for the powerlike f proportional to a(a) and Ratra-type f = expo(beta phi/M-p) coupling functions.	2018-09-26	Physical Review D
10.1016/j.dsp.2021.103129	Classification of fall directions via wearable motion sensors	Effective fall-detection and classification systems are vital in mitigating severe medical and economical consequences of falls to people in the fall risk groups. One class of such systems is based on wearable sensors. While there is a vast amount of academic work on this class of systems, not much effort has been devoted to the investigation of effective and robust algorithms and like-for-like comparison of state-ofthe-art algorithms using a sufficiently large dataset. In this article, fall-direction classification algorithms are presented and compared on an extensive dataset, comprising a total of 1600 fall trials. Eight machine learning classifiers are implemented for fall-direction classification into four basic directions (forward, backward, right, and left). These are, namely, Bayesian decision making (BDM), least squares method (LSM), k-nearest neighbor classifier (k-NN), artificial neural networks (ANNs), support vector machines (SVMs), decision-tree classifier (DTC), random forest (RF), and adaptive boosting or AdaBoost (AB). BDM achieves perfect classification, followed by k-NN, SVM, and RF. Data acquired from only a single motion sensor unit, worn at the waist of the subject, are processed for experimental verification. Four of the classifiers (BDM, LSM, k-NN, and ANN) are modified to handle the presence of data from an unknown class and evaluated on the same dataset. In this robustness analysis, ANN and k-NN yield accuracies above 96.2%. The results obtained in this study are promising in developing real-world fall-classification systems as they enable fast and reliable classification of fall directions.(c) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2022-06-15	Digital Signal Processing
10.5194/amt-15-3569-2022	ERUO: a spectral processing routine for the Micro Rain Radar PRO (MRR-PRO)	The Micro Rain Radar PRO (MRR-PRO) is a K-band Doppler weather radar, using frequency-modulated continuous-wave (FMCW) signals, developed by Metek Meteorologische Messtechnik GmbH (Metek) as a successor to the MRR-2. Benefiting from four datasets collected during two field campaigns in Antarctica and Switzerland, we developed a processing library for snowfall measurements named ERUO (Enhancement and Reconstruction of the spectrUm for the MRR-PRO), with a twofold objective. Firstly, the proposed method addresses a series of issues plaguing the radar variables, including interference lines and power drops at the extremes of the Doppler spectrum. Secondly, the algorithm aims to improve the quality of the final variables by lowering the minimum detectable equivalent attenuated reflectivity factor and extending the valid Doppler velocity range through dealiasing. The performance of the algorithm has been tested against the measurements of a co-located W-band Doppler radar. Information from a close-by X-band Doppler dual-polarization radar has been used to exclude unsuitable radar volumes from the comparison. Particular attention has been dedicated to verifying the estimation of the meteorological signal in the spectra covered by interferences.	2022-06-14	Atmospheric Measurement Techniques
10.1021/la403646g	Preparation and Characterization of High-Surface-Area Bi(1-x)/3V1-xMoxO4 Catalysts	We report the successful application of a templating approach employing ordered mesoporous carbon to the synthesis of BiVO4, Bi2Mo3O12, and Bi0.85V0.55Mo0.45O4 and the performance of these materials as catalysts for the oxidation of propene to acrolein. Ordered mesoporous carbon templates were used to control the nucleation and growth of the mixed metal oxide crystals, allowing higher final surface areas to be obtained. The resulting materials were characterized by X-ray diffraction, Raman spectroscopy, transmission electron microscopy, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, and BET surface area analysis. The surface area of the mixed metal oxide catalysts was found to depend on the type of mesoporous silica used to prepare the carbon template and on the conditions under which the carbon template was formed. Through an appropriate choice of template, the surface areas of the mixed metal oxides exceeded 15 m(2)/g. Catalytic testing revealed that materials produced via templating in ordered mesoporous carbon had per-gram activities that were up to 85 times higher than those produced by a conventional hydrothermal synthesis and exhibited stable catalytic activities over 24 h.	2014-01-01	Langmuir
10.1103/PhysRevResearch.2.023098	Time-reversal symmetry breaking Abelian chiral spin liquid in Mott phases of three-component fermions on the triangular lattice	We provide numerical evidence in favor of spontaneous chiral symmetry breaking and the concomitant appearance of an Abelian chiral spin liquid for three-component fermions on the triangular lattice described by an SU(3) symmetric Hubbard model with hopping amplitude -t (t > 0) and on-site interaction U. This chiral phase is stabilized in the Mott phase with one particle per site in the presence of a uniform pi flux per plaquette, and in the Mott phase with two particles per site without any flux. Our approach relies on effective spin models derived in the strong-coupling limit in powers of t/U for general SU(N) and arbitrary uniform charge flux per plaquette, which are subsequently studied using exact diagonalizations and variational Monte Carlo simulations for N = 3, as well as exact diagonalizations of the SU(3) Hubbard model on small clusters. Up to third order in t/U, and for the time-reversal symmetric cases (flux 0 or pi), the low-energy description is given by the J-K model with Heisenberg coupling J and real ring exchange K. The phase diagram in the full J-K parameter range contains, apart from three already known, magnetically long-range ordered phases, two previously unreported phases: (i) a lattice nematic phase breaking the lattice rotation symmetry and (ii) a spontaneous time-reversal and parity symmetry breaking Abelian chiral spin liquid. For the Hubbard model, an investigation that includes higher-order itinerancy effects supports the presence of a phase transition inside the insulating region, occurring at (t/U)(c) approximate to 0.07 [(U/t)(c) approximate to 13] between the three-sublattice magnetically ordered phase at small t/U and this Abelian chiral spin liquid.	2020-04-29	Physical Review Research
10.1007/s10915-023-02446-5	Template-Based Image Reconstruction Facing Different Topologies	The reconstruction of images from measured data is an increasing field of research. For highly under-determined problems, template-based image reconstruction provides a way of compensating for the lack of sufficient data. A caveat of this approach is that dealing with different topologies of the template and the target image is challenging. In this paper, we propose a LDDMM-based image-reconstruction model that resolves this issue by adding a source term. On the theoretical side, we show that the model satisfies all criteria for being a well-posed regularization method. For the implementation, we pursue a discretize-then-optimize approach involving the proximal alternating linearized minimization algorithm, which is known to converge under mild assumptions. Our simulations with both artificial and real data confirm the robustness of the method, and its ability to successfully deal with topology changes even if the available amount of data is very limited.	2024-03-01	Journal Of Scientific Computing
10.1103/PhysRevLett.100.026806	Role of hydrogen in giant spin polarization observed on magnetic nanostructures	We demonstrate that the giant spin contrast observed by scanning tunneling microscopy for double-layer Coislands on Pt(111) is caused by adsorbates at the apex of the Cr-coated W tip. The most likely candidate, in ab initio simulations, is hydrogen. Here, the electron charge is highly polarized by the adjacent Cr layers. The hydrogen adsorption site is shown to change from hollow to on top due to the electric field at the tip apex, created by the tunnel voltage.	2008-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1016/j.rse.2011.04.016	Relating the X-band Opacity of a Tropical Tree Canopy to Sapflow, Rain Interception and Dew Formation	During summer and autumn 2007, a 11 GHz microwave radiometer was deployed in an experimental tree plantation in Sardinilla, Panama. The opacity of the tree canopy was derived from incoming brightness temperatures received on the ground. A collocated eddy-covariance flux tower measured water vapor fluxes and meteorological variables above the canopy. In addition, xylem sapflow of trees was measured within the flux tower footprint. We observed considerable diurnal dierences between measured canopy opacities and modeled theoretical opacities, that were closely linked to xylem sapflow. It is speculated that dielectric changes in the leaves induced by the sapflow are causing the observed diurnal changes. In addition, canopy intercepted rain and dew formation also modulated the diurnal opacity cycle. With an enhanced canopy opacity model accounting for water deposited on the leaves, we quantified the influence of canopy stored water (i.e. intercepted water and dew) on the opacity. A time series of dew formation and rain interception was directly monitored during a period of two weeks. We found that during light rainfall up to 60% of the rain amount is intercepted by the canopy whereas during periods of intense rainfall, only 4% were intercepted. On average, 0.17 mm of dew was formed during the night. Dew evaporation contributed 5% to the total water vapor flux measured above the canopy.	2011-01-01	Remote Sensing of Environment
10.1002/chem.201302106	Tertiary Amines as Synthetic Equivalents of Vinyl Cations: Zinc Bromide Promoted Coupling of Propargylamines with α-Isocyanoacetamides To Give 2,4,5-Trisubstituted Oxazoles Initiated by an Internal Redox Process	Crabe interrupted: Propargylamines 1 react with a-isocyanoacetamides 2 in the presence of zinc bromide to afford vinyl oxazoles 3. The transformation, wherein the propargylamine acts as a vinyl cation synthetic equivalent, involves a domino sequence incorporating a 1,5-hydride shift, intermolecular trapping/cyclization, and a 1,6-elimination	2013-01-01	Chemistry - A European Journal
10.1016/j.biomaterials.2013.11.048	The role of energy dissipation of polymeric scaffolds in the mechanobiological modulation of chondrogenic expression	Mechanical stimulation has been proposed to induce chondrogenesis in cell-seeded scaffold. However, the effects of mechanical stimuli on engineered cartilage may vary substantially between different scaffolds. This advocates for the need to identify an overarching mechanobiological variable. We hypothesize that energy dissipation of scaffolds subjected to dynamic loading may be used as a mechanobiology variable. The energy dissipation would furnish a general criterion to adjust the mechanical stimulation favoring chondrogenesis in scaffold. Epiphyseal chondro-progenitor cells were then subject to unconfined compression two hours per day during four days in different scaffolds, which differ only by the level of dissipation they generated while keeping the same loading conditions. Scaffolds with higher dissipation levels upregulated the mRNA of chondrogenic markers. In contrast lower dissipation of scaffolds was associated with downregulation of chondrogenic markers. These results showed that energy dissipation could be considered as a mechanobiology variable in cartilage. This study also indicated that scaffold with energy dissipation level close to the one of cartilage favors chondrogenic expression when dynamical loading is present.	2014-01-01	Biomaterials
10.1016/j.egyr.2021.11.097	Uncertainty modeling of household appliance loads for smart energy management	Households represent a large share of flexibility on the demand side for assisting the smooth operation of the highly renewable grid. The stochastic nature of activities and various appliance usage patterns of household occupants affects the flexibility potential greatly, but is usually oversimplified in the existing research. This paper aims to propose a novel method for simulating the dynamics of household energy-related activities and appliance usage, which provides realistic synthetic load profiles for smart energy management. To this aim, a highly resolved multi-agent system model is proposed, which comprises an Agent-Based Activity Chain Model (ABACM) and 34 types of common household appliance models. Firstly, the patterns of various occupant behaviors are obtained through mining of real-world residential time-of-use data. Then, the stochastic activity profiles of occupants are generated using the ABACM, with a root mean square error of 0.95%. Finally, the electricity consumption profiles of household appliances are simulated based on specific energy-related activities. The proposed method is validated and proved to be able to capture stochastic occupant behaviors and represent the dynamics of residential energy consumption. The future work will focus on using the proposed model for exploring the potential of residential demand response. (C) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.	2021-04-01	Energy Reports
10.1111/joa.13717	Spherical frame projections for visualising joint range of motion, and a complementary method to capture mobility data	Quantifying joint range of motion (RoM), the reachable poses at a joint, has many applications in research and clinical care. Joint RoM measurements can be used to investigate the link between form and function in extant and extinct animals, to diagnose musculoskeletal disorders and injuries or monitor rehabilitation progress. However, it is difficult to visually demonstrate how the rotations of the joint axes interact to produce joint positions. Here, we introduce the spherical frame projection (SFP), which is a novel 3D visualisation technique, paired with a complementary data collection approach. SFP visualisations are intuitive to interpret in relation to the joint anatomy because they 'trace' the motion of the coordinate system of the distal bone at a joint relative to the proximal bone. Furthermore, SFP visualisations incorporate the interactions of degrees of freedom, which is imperative to capture the full joint RoM. For the collection of such joint RoM data, we designed a rig using conventional motion capture systems, including live audio-visual feedback on torques and sampled poses. Thus, we propose that our visualisation and data collection approach can be adapted for wide use in the study of joint function.	2022-07-12	Journal Of Anatomy
10.1002/ente.201600285	Photoanode/Electrolyte Interface Stability in Aqueous Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells	O'Regan and Gratzel conceived a dye-sensitized solar cell (DSSC), which operates as an artificial photosynthetic system converting solar light into electricity. Nevertheless, it is only recently that the scientific community is focusing on truly aqueous DSSCs that use water as electrolyte, thus avoiding any flammable and toxic organic solvents. The most critical aspect of these devices is the photoanode/electrolyte interface. Indeed, it is necessary to select dyes that chemisorb onto the semiconductor layer while allowing the aqueous electrolyte to thoroughly impregnate the mesostructure of the electrode; at the same time, it is necessary to avoid the anchoring unit of the dye to be hydrolyzed by water, thus causing the detachment of the sensitizer from the active material particles. This requires a thorough analysis of the structure-property relationships, in particular the evaluation of the chemical formula, stability, and performances of the dyes on the electrode surface in truly aqueous environment. Herein, we investigate nine different sensitizers, selected based on their different properties in terms of light absorption, chemical structure, and hydrophobic/hydrophilic nature. Wettability, resistance to dye desorption, and spectral variations of sensitized photoanodes, along with the photovoltaic performance of the resulting devices, are systematically investigated to identify some useful guidelines to choose and design suitable dyes of different colors for truly aqueous DSSCs.	2017-01-01	Energy Technology
10.1103/PhysRevD.100.031101	First measurements of absolute branching fractions of the Xi(+)(c) baryon at Belle	We present the first measurements of the absolute branching fractions of Xi(+)(c) decays into Xi(-)pi(+)pi(+) and pK(-)pi(+) final states. Our analysis is based on a data set of (772 +/- 11) x 10(6) B (B) over bar pairs collected at the Upsilon(4S) resonance with the Belle detector at the KEKB e(+)e(-) collider. We measure the absolute branching fraction of (B) over bar (0) -> (Lambda) over bar (-)(c)Xi(+)(c) with the Xi(+)(c) recoiling against (Lambda) over bar (- )(c)in (B) over bar (0) decays resulting in B((B) over bar (0) -> (Lambda) over bar (-)(c)Xi(+)(c)) = [1.16 +/- 0.42(stat.) +/- 0.15(syst.)] x 10(-3). We then measure the product branching fractions B((B) over bar (0) -> (Lambda) over bar (-)(c)Xi(+)(c))B(Xi(+)(c) -> Xi(-)pi(+)pi(+)) and B((B) over bar (0) -> (Lambda) over bar (-)(c)Xi(+)(c))B(Xi(+)(c) -> pK(-)pi(+)). Dividing these product branching fractions by (B) over bar (0) -> (Lambda) over bar (-)(c)Xi(+)(c) yields B(Xi(+)(c) -> Xi(-)pi(+)pi(+)) = [2.86 +/- 1.21(stat.) +/- 0.38(syst.)]% and B(Xi(+)(c) -> pK(-)pi(+)) = [0.45 +/- 0.21(stat.) +/- 0.07(syst.)]%. Our result for B(Xi(+)(c) -> Xi(-)pi(+)pi(+)) can be combined with Xi(+)(c) branching fractions measured relative to Xi(+)(c) -> Xi(-)pi(+)pi(+) to set the absolute scale for many Xi(+)(c) branching fractions.	2019-08-12	Physical Review D
10.1007/s00062-009-9005-0	Effect of Flow Diverter Porosity on Intra-aneurysmal Blood Flow	Background and Purpose: Growth and rupture, the two events that dominate the evolution of an intracranial aneurysm, are both dependent on intraaneurysmal flow. Decrease of intraaneurysmal flow is considered an attractive alternative for treating intracranial aneurysms by minimally invasive techniques. Such modification can be achieved by inserting stents or flow diverters alone. In the present paper, the effect of different commercial and innovative flow diverters’ porosity was studied in intracranial aneurysm models. Material and Methods: Single and stent-in-stent combination of Neuroform II as well as single and stent-in-stent combination of a new innovative, low-porosity, intracranial stent device (D1, D2, D1 + D2) were inserted in models of intracranial aneurysms under shear-driven flow and inertia-driven flow configurations. Steady and pulsating flow rates were applied using a blood- like fluid. Particle image velocimetry was used to measure velocity vector fields in the aneurysm midplane along the vessel axis. Flow and vorticity patterns, velocity and vorticity magnitudes were quantified and their value compared with the same flows in absence of the flow diverter. Results: In absence of flow diverters, a solid- like rotation could be observed in both shear-driven and inertia-driven models under steady and pulsatile flow conditions. The flow effects due to the insertion of low- porous devices such as D1 or D2 provoked a complete alteration of the flow patterns and massive reduction of velocity or vorticity magnitudes, whereas the introduction of clinically adopted high-porous devices provoked less effect in the aneurysm cavity. As expected, results showed that the lower the porosity the larger the reduction in velocity and vorticity within the aneurysm cavity. The lowest-porosity device combination (D1 and D2) reached an averaged reduction of flow parameters of 80% and 88% under steady and pulsatile flow conditions, respectively. The reduction in mean velocity and vorticity was much more significant in the shear-driven flows as compared to the inertia-driven flows. Conclusion: Although device porosity is the main parameter influencing flow reduction, other parameters such as device design and local flow conditions may influence the level of flow reduction within intracranial aneurysms.	2009-01-01	Clinical Neuroradiology
10.1109/JPETS.2015.2427370	Real-Time Simulation Technologies for Power Systems Design, Testing, and Analysis	This task force paper summarizes the state-of-the-art real-time digital simulation concepts and technologies that are used for the analysis, design, and testing of the electric power system and its apparatus. This paper highlights the main building blocks of the real-time simulator, i.e., hardware, software, input-output systems, modeling, and solution techniques, interfacing capabilities to external hardware and various applications. It covers the most commonly used real-time digital simulators in both industry and academia. A comprehensive list of the real-time simulators is provided in a tabular review. The objective of this paper is to summarize salient features of various real-time simulators, so that the reader can benefit from understanding the relevant technologies and their applications, which will be presented in a separate paper.	2015-01-01	IEEE Power and Energy Technology Systems Journal
10.1109/JSAC.2005.863881	Ultrawide Bandwidth Signals as Shot-Noise: a Unifying Approach	We present a shot noise based model for a large family of ultrawide bandwidth (UWB) signals. These include time-hopping and direct-sequence signaling with pulse position, interval, and amplitude modulations. Each specific signal is constructed by adding features to a basic model in a modular, simple, and tractable way. Our work unifies the contributions scattered in the literature and provides a general approach that allows various extensions of previous works as well as new results. The exact power spectrum is then evaluated using shot noise spectral theory, which provides a simpler, systematic, and rigorous approach to the spectra evaluation of complicated UWB signals. The strength of our methodology is that different features of the signal model contribute clearly and separately to the resulting spectral expressions.	2006-01-01	IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications
10.1109/TMC.2014.2309953	A Location-Privacy Threat Stemming from the Use of Shared Public IP Addresses	This paper presents a concrete and widespread example of situation where a user’s location privacy is unintentionally compromised by others, specifically the location-privacy threat that exists at access points (public hotspots, FON, home routers, etc.) that have a single public IP and make use of network address translation (NAT). As users connected to the same hotspot share a unique public IP address, a single user’s making a location-based request is enough to enable a service provider to map the IP address of the hotspot to its geographic coordinates, thus compromising the location privacy of all the other connected users. When successful, the service provider can locate users within a few hundreds of meters, thus improving over existing IP-location databases. Even in the case where IPs change periodically (e.g., by using DHCP), the service provider is still able to update a previous (IP, Location) mapping by inferring IP changes from authenticated communications (e.g., cookies). The contribution of this paper is three-fold: (i) We identify a novel location-privacy threat caused by shared public IPs in combination with NAT. (ii) We formalize and analyze the threat theoretically. In particular we derive and provide expressions of the probability that the service provider will learn the mapping and of the expected proportion of victims. (iii) We experimentally assess the state in practice by using real traces (collected from deployed hotspots over a period of 23 days) of users who accessed Google services. We also discuss how existing countermeasures can thwart the threat.	2014-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing
10.1007/s00348-017-2421-z	Experimental evidence of inter-blade cavitation vortex development in Francis turbines at deep part load condition	Francis turbines are subject to various types of cavitation flow depending on the operating condition. To enable a smooth integration of the renewable energy sources, hydraulic machines are now increasingly required to extend their operating range, especially down to extremely low discharge conditions called deep part load operation. The inter-blade cavitation vortex is a typical cavitation phenomenon observed at deep part load operation. However, its dynamic characteristics are insufficiently understood today. In an objective of revealing its characteristics, the present study introduces a novel visualization technique with instrumented guide vanes embedding the visualization devices, providing unprecedented views on the inter-blade cavitation vortex. The binary image processing technique enables the successful evaluation of the inter-blade cavitation vortex in the images. As a result, it is shown that the probability of the inter-blade cavitation development is significantly high close to the runner hub. Furthermore, the mean vortex line is calculated and the vortex region is estimated in the three- dimensional domain for the comparison with numerical simulation results. In addition, the on-board pressure measurements on a runner blade is conducted, and the influence of the inter-blade vortex on the pressure field is investigated. The analysis suggests that the presence of the inter-blade vortex can magnify the amplitude of pressure fluctuations especially on the blade suction side. Furthermore, the wall pressure difference between pressure and suction sides of the blade features partially low or negative values near the hub at the discharge region where the inter-blade vortex develops. This negative pressure difference on the blade wall sug - gests the development of a backflow region caused by the flow separation near the hub, which is closely related to the development of the inter-blade vortex. The development of the backflow region is confirmed by the numerical simulation, and the physical mechanisms of the inter-blade vortex development is, furthermore, discussed	2017-01-01	Experiments in Fluids
10.1016/0009-2614(89)85201-7	Spectra and dynamics of the b4S- state of nitric oxide in argon and krypton matrixes	The v' = 0-4 vibrational levels of the b4S- state of NO in Ar and Kr matrtixes were selectively excited in the near-IR by a tunable laser from the metastable a4P state previously populated by an ArF excimer laser. One of the decay channels of the b state is a radiationless transition to low vibrational levels of the B2P state. By monitoring the time- and energy-resolved B2P->X2P fluorescence the energies were detd. of the b, v' levels and the propensity rules of the b, v' -> B, v\" transitions. The results are in good agreement with the previously proposed model assuming an important role for the b4.sum.- state in the radiationless relaxation from the A2S+ (Rydberg) to the final radiative valence states B2P and a4P. [on SciFinder (R)]	1989-01-01	Chemical Physics Letters
10.1016/j.sna.2005.11.061	An integrated micro-Hall probe for scanning magnetic microscopy	Anewmicrosystem with the ability to detect magnetic microstructures based on the non-invasive Hall principle is presented. The micro-Hall plate embedded in the microsystem and scaled down to the physical limits of the employedCMOStechnology has an active area of only 2.4um×2.4um. The microsystem exhibits an output sensitivity of 7.5 V/T in perpendicular direction to the chip surface and a magnetic field resolution of 300 nT/√Hz at 1 Hz. A two-dimensional magnetic scanner was developed to demonstrate the performances of the developed microsystem.	2006-01-01	Sensors and Actuators A
10.1109/TSG.2014.2319303	Primary Voltage Control in Active Distribution Networks via Broadcast Signals: The Case of Distributed Storage	In this paper, we consider an active distribution network (ADN) that performs primary voltage control using real-time demand response via a broadcast low-rate communication signal. The ADN also owns distributed electrical energy storage. We show that it is possible to use the same broadcast signal deployed for controlling loads to manage the distributed storage. To this end, we propose an appropriate control law to be embedded into the distributed electrical storage controllers that reacts to the defined broadcast signal in order to control both active and reactive power injections. We analyze, in particular, the case where electrical storage systems consist of supercapacitor arrays and where the ADN uses the grid explicit congestion notification (GECN) for real-time demand response that the authors have developed in a previous contribution. We estimate the energy reserve required for successfully performing voltage control depending on the characteristics of the network. The performance of the scheme is numerically evaluated on the IEEE 34-node test feeder. We further evaluate the effect, depending on the line characteristics, of reactive versus active power controlled injections. We find that without altering the demand-response signal, a suitably designed controller implemented in the storage devices enables them to successfully contribute to primary voltage control.	2014-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Smart Grid
10.1109/JSEN.2015.2456336	Computational Study on the Electrical Behavior of Silicon Nanowire Memristive Biosensors	In this paper, a complete study is carried out investigating the relationship between the biosensing and the electrical characteristics of freestanding two-terminal Schottky-barrier silicon nanowires. This paper successfully reproduces computationally the electrical behavior obtained experimentally from the nanowire devices before and after the surface biomodification. Throughout modeling and simulations, this paper confirms that the experimental results obtained from the electrical characterization of bare two-terminal Schottky-barrier silicon nanowires present current-to-voltage characteristics fully equivalent to that of a pure memristor device, according to the literature. Furthermore, this paper shows that the voltage gap appearing in the current-to-voltage characteristics for nanowires with biomodified surface is related to capacitive effects due to minority carriers in the nanowire and it is also indicated that those effects are strongly affected by the concentration of antigens uptaken on the device surface. Overall, this paper confirms the implication of the memristive effect for biosensing applications and therefore, demonstrates the memristive biosensors.	2015-01-01	IEEE Sensors Journal
10.1016/S0306-4549(98)89001-4	A high-fluence 0.6 GeV proton irradiation experiment with thin uranium and thorium targets	High-fluence proton irradiation experiments with thin actinide targets are part of PSI's programme related to accelerator-based transmutation studies. The aim is to provide experimental data for the validation of theoretical models in nucleon-meson transport codes, with emphasis on the mass yield distribution of spallation and fission products. The paper presents results of an irradiation experiment carried out with 238UO2 and 232ThO2 Based on mass spectrometric measurements, isobaric production cross-sections for fission and spallation products, as well as total fission cross-sections of the target nuclides, are reported. The experimentally deduced total fission cross-sections for both target nuclides are found to be approximately twice as large as values reported in certain earlier experiments, as well as with respect to calculational results obtained using the HETC code and the RAL high-energy fission model	1999-01-01	Annals of Nuclear Energy
10.1107/S0907444910010723	Features of the secondary structure of a protein molecule from powder diffraction data	Protein powder diffraction is shown to be suitable for obtaining de novo solutions to the phase problem at low resolution via phasing methods such as the isomorphous replacement method. Two heavy-atom derivatives (a gadolinium derivative and a holmium derivative) of the tetragonal form of hen egg-white lysozyme were crystallized at room temperature. Using synchrotron radiation, high-quality powder patterns were collected in which pH-induced anisotropic lattice-parameter changes were exploited in order to reduce the challenging and powder-specific problem of overlapping reflections. The phasing power of two heavyatom derivatives in a multiple isomorphous replacement analysis enabled molecular structural information to be obtained up to approximately 5.3 A ˚ resolution. At such a resolution, features of the secondary structure of the lysozyme molecule can be accurately located using programs dedicated to that effect. In addition, the quoted resolution is sufficient to determine the correct hand of the heavy-atom substructure which leads to an electron-density map representing the protein molecule of proper chirality.	2010-01-01	Acta Crystallographica Section d Biological Crystallography
10.1016/j.apenergy.2023.122493	Data-driven adaptive building thermal controller tuning with constraints: A primal-dual contextual Bayesian optimization approach	We study the problem of tuning the parameters of a room temperature controller to minimize its energy consumption, subject to the constraint that the daily cumulative thermal discomfort of the occupants is below a given threshold. We formulate it as an online constrained black -box optimization problem where, on each day, we observe some relevant environmental context and adaptively select the controller parameters. In this paper, we propose to use a data -driven Primal -Dual Contextual Bayesian Optimization (PDCBO) approach to solve this problem.	2024-01-09	Applied Energy
10.1090/mcom/3999	Dynamical Low-Rank Approximation for Stochastic Differential Equations	In this paper, we set the mathematical foundations of the Dynamical Low-Rank Approximation (DLRA) method for stochastic differential equations (SDEs). DLRA aims at approximating the solution as a linear combination of a small number of basis vectors with random coefficients (low-rank format) with the peculiarity that both the basis vectors and the random coefficients vary in time. While the formulation and properties of DLRA are now well understood for random/parametric equations, the same cannot be said for SDEs and this work aims to fill this gap. We start by rigorously formulating a Dynamically Orthogonal (DO) approximation (an instance of DLRA successfully used in applications) for SDEs, which we then generalize to define a parametrization independent DLRA for SDEs. We show local well-posedness of the DO equations and their equivalence with the DLRA formulation. We also characterize the explosion time of the DO solution by a loss of linear independence of the random coefficients defining the solution expansion and give sufficient conditions for global existence.	2024-08-22	Mathematics of Computation
10.1063/1.1471236	Double-resonance overtone photofragment spectroscopy of trans-HONO. II. State- and time-resolved dissociation and OH-product state distributions	Linewidths, unimolecular dissociation rates and product state distributions (PSDs) have been measured for single rovibratational states of the nu(1)=5-7 levels of gas-phase trans-nitrous acid (HONO) by double-resonance overtone photofragment spectroscopy (DROPS). The linewidth measurements, together with the unimolecular dissociation rates in 5nu(1), suggest that the intramolecular dynamics are not statistical but rather depend sensitively upon specific intramolecular couplings and the vibrational character of the initial state. Comparison with calculated rate constants from statistical unimolecular rate theory reveals that intramolecular vibrational energy redistribution (IVR) is the rate determining step in the dissociation of HONO subsequent to vibrational overtone excitation. Despite this, we find the measured product state distributions to be close to the predictions of statistical theory. We explain these observations in terms of a simple tier model incorporating hierarchical IVR. The experimental findings underscore the importance of the preparation technique, and hence the nature of the initially excited state, in determining the subsequent intramolecular dynamics. (C) 2002 American Institute of Physics.	2002-01-01	Journal of Chemical Physics
10.1109/TPWRD.2013.2254727	Statistical Distributions of Lightning Currents Associated With Upward Negative Flashes Based on the Data Collected at the Säntis Tower in 2010 and 2011	This paper presents statistical distributions of lightning current parameters based on the lightning current and current-derivative waveforms measured at the Säntis Tower site in 2010 and 2011. The total number of flashes analyzed in this study was 167, which includes nearly 2000 pulses. The statistical distributions refer to upward negative flashes. It is shown that negative flashes are mainly concentrated in the summer months during the convective season. Statistical data on the salient lightning current parameters, namely, peak current, peak current derivative, risetime, pulse charge, pulse duration, interpulse interval, and flash multiplicity are presented and discussed. The obtained data that constitute the largest dataset available to this date for upward negative flashes are also compared with other available statistical distributions.	2013-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Power Delivery
10.1109/TIE.2013.2276442	High-Order Vector Control of Grid-Connected Voltage Source Converters with LCL-Filters	This paper proposes a vector control strategy for LCL-filter-based grid-connected voltage source converters (VSCs). The proposed control strategy is inherently capable of attenuating the resonance phenomenon of such systems. This is an advantage over the existing methods, which require additional damping techniques. Moreover, the proposed vector control strategy is able to fully decouple the direct (d) and quadrature (q) components of the current in a rotating reference frame. The design procedure comprises a constrained optimization-based loop shaping. It utilizes the multi-input multi-output (MIMO) nonparametric model of the system along with a high-order linearly-parameterized MIMO controller to form an open-loop transfer function matrix. Minimizing the second norm of the error between the open-loop transfer function matrix and a desired one, the coecients of the controller are optimally determined. Conducting several reference tracking scenarios, the performance of the proposed vector controller is evaluated both by means of time-domain simulation studies in MATLAB/Simulink and experimental results.	2014-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics
10.1364/OE.20.002500	Three-dimensional scanning microscopy through thin turbid media	We demonstrate three-dimensional imaging through a thin turbid medium using digital phase conjugation of the second harmonic signal emitted from a beacon nanoparticle. The digitally phase-conjugated focus scans the volume in the vicinity of its initial position through numerically manipulated phase patterns projected onto the spatial light modulator. Accurate three dimensional images of a fluorescent sample placed behind a turbid medium are obtained. (C) 2012 Optical Society of America	2012-01-01	Optics Express
10.1016/S0022-3115(03)00120-X	High strain fatigue properties of F82H ferritic-martensitic steel under proton irradiation	During the up and down cycles of a fusion reactor, the first wall is exposed concomitantly to a flux of energetic neutrons that generates radiation defects and to a thermal flux that induces thermal stresses. The resulting strains may exceed the elastic limit and induce plastic deformation in the material. A similar situation occurs in the window of a spallation liquid source target and results in the same type of damage. This particular loading has been simulated in F82H ferritic-martensitic steel, using a device allowing a fatigue test to be carried out during irradiation with 590 MeV protons. All fatigue tests were carried out in a strain controlled test at strain levels around 0.8% and at 300 degreesC. Two different signals have been used: a fully symmetrical triangle wave signal (R = -1) and a triangle ramp with 2 min tension holds. The fatigue was investigated under three different conditions: unirradiated, irradiated and post-irradiation tested, and finally in-beam tested. The main result is that the in-beam tested specimens have the lowest life as compared to the post-irradiation tested specimen and unirradiated specimen. Hydrogen is suspected to be the main contributor to the observed embrittlement. (C) 2003 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	2003-01-01	Journal of Nuclear Materials
10.1016/j.cpc.2022.108374	TimeEvolver: A program for time evolution with improved error bound	We present TimeEvolver, a program for computing time evolution in a generic quantum system. It relies on well-known Krylov subspace techniques to tackle the problem of multiplying the exponential of a large sparse matrix iH, where His the Hamiltonian, with an initial vector v. The fact that His Hermitian makes it possible to provide an easily computable bound on the accuracy of the Krylov approximation. Apart from effects of numerical roundoff, the resulting a posteriori error bound is rigorous, which represents a crucial novelty as compared to existing software packages such as Expokit[1]. On a standard notebook, TimeEvolverallows to compute time evolution with adjustable precision in Hilbert spaces of dimension greater than 10(6)	2022-08-01	Computer Physics Communications
10.1101/gr.275133.120	Transposable elements and their KZFP controllers are drivers of transcriptional innovation in the developing human brain	Transposable elements (TEs) account for more than 50% of the human genome and many have been co-opted throughout evolution to provide regulatory functions for gene expression networks. Several lines of evidence suggest that these networks are fine-tuned by the largest family of TE controllers, the KRAB-containing zinc finger proteins (KZFPs). One tissue permissive for TE transcriptional activation (termed "transposcription") is the adult human brain, however comprehensive studies on the extent of this process and its potential contribution to human brain development are lacking. To elucidate the spatiotemporal transposcriptome of the developing human brain, we have analyzed two independent RNA-seq data sets encompassing 16 brain regions from eight weeks postconception into adulthood. We reveal a distinct KZFP:TE transcriptional profile defining the late prenatal to early postnatal transition, and the spatiotemporal and cell type-specific activation of TE-derived alternative promoters driving the expression of neurogenesis-associated genes. Long-read sequencing confirmed these TE-driven isoforms as significant contributors to neurogenic transcripts. We also show experimentally that a co-opted antisense L2 element drives temporal protein relocalization away from the endoplasmic reticulum, suggestive of novel TE dependent protein function in primate evolution. This work highlights the widespread dynamic nature of the spatiotemporal KZFP:TE transcriptome and its importance throughout TE mediated genome innovation and neurotypical human brain development. To facilitate interactive exploration of these spatiotemporal gene and TE expression dynamics, we provide the "Brain TExplorer" web application freely accessible for the community.	2021-09-01	Genome Research
10.1103/PhysRevLett.98.262001	Experimental constraints on the spin and parity of the Λc(2880)+	We report the results of several studies of the Λc+π+π-X final state in continuum e+e- annihilation data collected by the Belle detector. An analysis of angular distributions in Λc(2880)+→Σc(2455)0, ++π+,- decays strongly favors a Λc(2880)+ spin assignment of 52 over 32 or 12. We find evidence for Λc(2880)+→Σc(2520)0,++π+,- decay and measure the ratio of Λc(2880)+ partial widths Γ(Σc(2520)π)/Γ(Σc(2455)π)=0.225±0. 062±0.025. This value favors the Λc(2880)+ spin-parity assignment of 52+ over 52-. We also report the first observation of Λc(2940) +→Σc(2455)0,++π+,- decay and measure Λc(2880)+ and Λc(2940)+ mass and width parameters. These studies are based on a 553fb-1 data sample collected at or near the Υ(4S) resonance at the KEKB collider. © 2007 The American Physical Society.	2007-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1016/S0368-2048(00)00342-X	XANES microspectroscopy of biominerals with photoconductive charge compensation	Specimen charging under X-ray illumination is a well known phenomenon that can seriously obstruct the analysis of insulating samples. Synchrotron X-PEEM spectromicroscopy can reach a lateral resolution of 20 nm, 1-2 orders of magnitude larger than electron microscopies, but has the added capacity to probe oxidation state through total yield X-ray absorption near edge structure (XANES) spectroscopy. This capability may be compromised, however, if specimen charging restricts electron emission, as was encountered in the study of silicified bacteria from an Icelandic hot spring microbial mat. Bacteria living in an environment containing a high concentration of dissolved silica provide nucleation sites for amorphous silicate precipitation, a process which may lead to the preservation of the cellular structure, i.e. fossilization. TEM studies of bacteria in progressive stages of mineralization showed that mineral formation was initiated in the extracellular sheath, reaching the cell interior after death. Spectromicroscopy at the Si L-edge of sectioned mineralized bacteria encountered major charging difficulties, which were relieved by simultaneously illuminating the specimen with 325 nm HeCd laser light during the analysis. The low energy light excites mobile free electrons below the work function threshold, which can offset surface positive charge. This approach allowed spectroscopy to be performed from microscopic areas, and may be applicable to a wider range of insulating samples. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	2001-01-01	Journal of Electron Spectroscopy and Related Phenomena
10.1021/bm025744e	Synthesis and Physicochemical Characterization of End-Linked Poly(ethylene glycol)-co-peptide Hydrogels Formed by Michael-Type Addition	The synthesis of novel hybrid hydrogels by stepwise copolymn. of multi-arm vinyl sulfone-terminated poly(ethylene glycol) macromers and a-w cysteine oligopeptides via Michael-type addns. is described. Crosslinking kinetics, studied by in situ rheometry, can be controlled by pH and the presence of charged amino acid residues in close proximity to the Cys, which modulates the pKa of the thiol group. These end-linked networks were characterized by their equil. swelling in water, by their viscoelastic properties in the swollen state, and by their sol. fraction. Structure and properties are sensitive to the prepn. state including stoichiometry and precursor concn. and less sensitive to the pH during crosslinking. For each network the concn. of elastically active chains (n) was calcd. from exptl. detd. sol fractions using Miller-Macosko theory and compared to values obtained from swelling and rheometry studies and by calcn. from Flory's classical network models. Hydrogels were also prepd. with varying macromer structures, and their properties were shown to respond to both macromer functionality and mol. wt. [on SciFinder (R)]	2003-01-01	Biomacromolecules
10.1103/PhysRevB.79.144303	Electronic Raman scattering in magnetite: Spin versus charge gap	We report Raman-scattering data of single crystals of magnetite (Fe3O4) with Verwey transition temperatures (T-v) of 123 and 117 K, respectively. Both single crystals reveal broad electronic background extending up to 900 wave numbers (similar to 110 meV). Redistribution of this background is observed when samples are cooled below T-v. In particular, spectra of the low-temperature phase show diminished background below 300 wave numbers followed by an enhancement of the electronic background between 300 and 400 wave numbers. To enhance the effect of this background redistribution, we divide the spectra just below the transition by the spectra just above the transition. A resultant broad peaklike feature is observed centered at 370 +/- 40 wave numbers (45 +/- 5 meV). The peak position of this feature does not scale with the transition temperature. We discuss two alternative assignments of this feature to a spin or charge gap in magnetite.	2009-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1089/soro.2020.0003	Highly Stretchable Flame-Retardant Skin for Soft Robotics with Hydrogel-Montmorillonite-Based Translucent Matrix	Flame-retardant coatings are crucial for intelligent systems operating in high-temperature (300-800 degrees C) scenarios, which typically involve multi-joint discrete or continuous kinematic systems. These multi-segment motion generation systems call for conformable yet resilient skin for dexterous work, including firefighting, packaging inflammable substances, encapsulating energy storage devices, and preventing from burning. In fire scenes, a flame-retardant soft robot shall protect integrated electronic components safely and work for navigation and surveillance effectively. Here, we establish fire-resistant robotic mechanisms with montmorillonite (MMT)-biocompatible hydrogel skin, offering effective flame retardancy (similar to 78 degrees C surface temperature after 3 min in fire) and high post-fire stretchability (similar to 360% uniaxial tensile strain). Fatigue test results in the MMT-hydrogel polymer matrix to portray a change in post-fire energy consumption of similar to 21% (between the first cycle and the 200th cycle), further indicating robustness. MMT-hydrogel synthetic skin medium is then applied to everyday household items and electronics, offering appealing protections in fire scenes (<= 10% capacitance loss after 3 min and <= 14% diode light-intensity loss after 1 min in fire). We deploy shape memory alloy (SMA) actuated inchworm-, starfish-, and snail-like locomotion (average velocity similar to 12 mm center dot min(-1)) for translating inside fire applications. With the stretchable and flame-retardant translucent barriers, the MMT-hydrogel skinned soft robots demonstrate stable compression/relaxation cycles (25 cycles) within flames (4 min 10 s) while protecting the electronic components inside in fire scene. We solve the agility vs. endurance conundrum in this article with SMA actuation independently via Joule heating without a cross-talk from the surrounding high-temperature arena.	2022-01-01	Soft Robotics
10.1021/ac400171e	A microchip emitter for solid phase extraction – gradient elution – mass spectrometry	A microchip electrospray emitter with a magnetic bead trap has been designed for solid phase extraction-gradient elution-mass spectrometry (SPE-GEMS). The goal of this method is the detection of analytes at low concentrations and it is here demonstrated using reverse phase coated magnetic beads (Mbs) for the preconcentration and detection of the peptides. The sample is passed through the chip, and the peptides are retained and enriched in the trap. After washing, the peptides are released sequentially by stepwise gradient elution and electrosprayed for mass spectrometry analysis. This approach allows effective sample desalting, enrichment, sequential elution and MS detection without the introduction of an additional separation step after SPE. Efficient preconcentration of model peptides by SPE and sequential release and analysis of peptides by GEMS were demonstrated for diluted sample solutions within the range of 1 µM to 10 nM. Fortified human blood serum, protein digest and fractions collected after protein digest OFFGEL separation were analysed by SPE-GEMS allowing the detection of low abundance peptides usually not observed by direct mass spectrometry analysis. A mathematical model for gradient elution is proposed.	2013-01-01	Analytical Chemistry -Washington DC-
10.1021/acsenergylett.6b00568	Impact of Local Electric Fields on Charge-Transfer Processes at the TiO2/Dye/Electrolyte Interface	Photoinduced electron -transfer processes at the TiO2/ dye/electrolyte interface are vital for various emerging technologies. Here, the impact of the local electric field at this interface on the charge -transfer processes was investigated in two aspects: (a) charge recombination between the electrons accumulated within TiO2 and the photoxidized dye and (b) regeneration of the dyes by the cobalt bipyridyl redox mediators. The amplitude of the local electric field was changed by use of different cations in the electrolytic environment, in the order E-Ca(2+) > E-Mg(2+)> E-Na(+) > E-u(+) characterized by the transient absorption spectroscopy. For the charge recombination process, the kinetic time constant showed a remarkable linear correlation with the relative electric field strength, while for the regeneration process, no evident dependence was observed. These results collectively suggest the spatial confinement of the effects of the local electric field on the interfacial electron -transfer processes.	2017-01-01	Acs Energy Letters
10.1007/s10915-006-9077-9	A mathematical approach in the design of arterial bypass using unsteady Stokes equations	In this paper we present an approach for the study of aorto-coronaric bypass anastomoses configurations using unsteady Stokes equations. The theory of optimal control based on adjoint formulation is applied in order to optimize the shape of the zone of the incoming branch of the bypass (the toe) into the coronary according to several optimality criteria	2006-01-01	Journal of Scientific Computing
10.1016/j.ijpe.2015.04.016	Carbon footprint and responsiveness trade-offs in supply chain network design	Concern related to sustainability and greenhouse gases has grown among citizens as well as firms, which are increasingly committing to carbon emission reduction targets. However, firms' emissions come from direct and indirect sources, and from the different stages of their supply chain. Therefore, comprehensive supply chain approaches are essential to ensure the cost-effectiveness of carbon management strategies. These approaches should capture operational and environmental trade-offs arising from the interaction between different supply chain processes such as procurement, manufacturing, transport and inventory management. Considering all these processes, we propose a model for supply chain network design that takes demand uncertainty into account and includes decisions on supply chain responsiveness under different carbon policies: caps on supply chain carbon footprints, caps on market carbon footprints, and carbon taxes. Our model supports the analysis of the effect of different policies on costs and optimal network configuration and allows us to distinguish between different product types: functional or innovative products. With detailed numerical examples, we illustrate the type of analysis and managerial insights that can be derived with our model, which include the assessment of supply chains' potential for carbon abatement, the study of the effect of different carbon policies on supply chain costs and network design, the analysis of the impact of various product characteristics, the test of an alternative profit maximisation model, and the determination of the value of a supply chain carbon tax that should induce specific levels of carbon abatement. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2015-01-01	International Journal Of Production Economics
10.1103/PhysRevLett.103.207403	Explanation of Photon Correlations in the Far-Off-Resonance Optical Emission from a Quantum-Dot-Cavity System	In a coupled quantum-dot–nanocavity system, the photoluminescence from an off-resonance cavity mode exhibits strong quantum correlations with the quantum-dot transitions, even though its autocorrelation function is classical. Using new pump-power dependent photon-correlation measurements, we demonstrate that this seemingly contradictory observation that has so far defied an explanation stems from cascaded cavity photon emission in transitions between excited multiexciton states. The mesoscopic nature of quantum-dot confinement ensures the presence of a quasicontinuum of excitonic transitions, part of which overlaps with the cavity resonance.	2009-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1016/j.physletb.2006.05.086	Search for lepton flavor violating τ- decays with a KS 0 meson	We have searched for the lepton flavor violating decays τ- → ℓ- KS 0 (ℓ = e or μ), using a data sample of 281 fb-1 collected with the Belle detector at the KEKB e+ e- asymmetric-energy collider. No evidence for a signal was found in either of the decay modes, and we set the following upper limits for the branching fractions: B (τ- → e- KS 0) < 5.6 × 10-8 and B (τ- → μ- KS 0) < 4.9 × 10-8 at the 90% confidence level. These results improve the previously published limits set by the CLEO Collaboration by factors of 16 and 19, respectively. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2006-01-01	Physics Letters, Section B: Nuclear, Elementary Particle and High-Energy Physics
10.1016/j.addma.2023.103604	MEWron: An open-source melt electrowriting platform	Melt electrowriting (MEW) is a distinct class of additive manufacturing technologies that generates fibrous and porous macrostructures with microscale resolution from an electrically charged molten polymer. The high -resolution scaffolds produced by MEW have been primarily used for tissue engineering, cancer research, bio-fabrication and biomaterials. Unfortunately, the commercial MEW device's prohibitive affordability and lack of standardization of custom devices, represent obstacles to further research. Built on the achievements and affordability of material extrusion 3D printers, we convert an open-source Voron 0.1 printer into a highly capable MEW device, termed as MEWron. To guarantee availability, the use of commercial and affordable components is prioritized, while in the cases where this has not been possible, 3D printed, and easy-to-machine components have been employed. Two main approaches have been followed, the first one focused on the existing material extrusion configuration (i.e., filament-based feeding system and material input) while the second one focuses on a conventional MEW pneumatic feeding system and syringe reservoir. When not including the high voltage supply, both approaches have a final budget below $1000. The manuscript describes all required steps and components to modify a Voron 0.1 printer and provides the computer-aided design (CAD) for required custom components reproduction. Moreover, the MEWron devices' reliability is demonstrated, as well as their potential to extend the MEW field boundaries. We believe that the open-source MEWron device will facilitate unprece-dented MEW technology accessibility using a well-established and modifiable platform.	2023-05-16	Additive Manufacturing
10.1145/3580318	A Large-Scale Characterization of How Readers Browse Wikipedia	Despite the importance and pervasiveness of Wikipedia as one of the largest platforms for open knowledge, surprisingly little is known about how people navigate its content when seeking information. To bridge this gap, we present the first systematic large-scale analysis of how readers browse Wikipedia. Using billions of page requests from Wikipedia's server logs, we measure how readers reach articles, how they transition between articles, and how these patterns combine into more complex navigation paths. We find that navigation behavior is characterized by highly diverse structures. Although most navigation paths are shallow, comprising a single pageload, there is much variety, and the depth and shape of paths vary systematically with topic, device type, and time of day. We show that Wikipedia navigation paths commonly mesh with external pages as part of a larger online ecosystem, and we describe how naturally occurring navigation paths are distinct from targeted navigation in lab-based settings. Our results further suggest that navigation is abandoned when readers reach low-quality pages. Taken together, these insights contribute to a more systematic understanding of readers' information needs and allow for improving their experience on Wikipedia and the Web in general.	2023-05-01	Acm Transactions On The Web
10.1111/j.1749-6632.2008.03944.x	Replaying the Evolutionary Tape: Biomimetic Reverse Engineering of Gene Networks	In this paper, we suggest a new approach for reverse engineering gene regulatory networks, which consists of using a reconstruction process that is similar to the evolutionary process that created these networks. The aim is to integrate prior knowledge into the reverse engineering procedure, thus biasing the search towards biologically plausible solutions. To this end, we propose an evolutionary method that abstracts and mimics the natural evolution of gene regulatory networks. Our method can be used with a wide range of nonlinear dynamical models. This allows us to explore novel model types such as the log-sigmoid model introduced here. To allow direct comparison with other methods, we use a benchmark dataset from an in vivo synthetic-biology gene network, which has been published as a reverse engineering challenge for the second DREAM conference.	2009-01-01	Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences
10.1007/s00603-024-03936-0	How Stress Barriers and Fracture Toughness Heterogeneities Arrest Buoyant Hydraulic Fractures	In our study, we investigated the impact of changes in Mode I fracture toughness and stress barriers on fully developed planar, buoyant hydraulic fractures assuming linear elastic hydraulic fracture mechanics. We present scaling-based arguments to predict the interaction type and use numerical simulations to validate our findings. Through a two-dimensional simplification, we estimate the lower limit for the fracture to feel a change in fracture toughness (so-called immediate breakthrough). Our simulations show that this approach only captures the order of magnitude of the toughness jump necessary for immediate breakthrough compared to the actual value due to three-dimensional solid effects, emphasizing their importance in such systems. We show that we can estimate the occurrence of indefinite containment at depth by considering that lateral spreading occurs at an approximately constant height. However, timing predictions in the case of a transient containment suffer from our simplified approach, which cannot model the injection history of the spreading constant height fracture. The same observations regarding immediate breakthrough and indefinite containment hold when considering stress barriers using pressure-scale-based arguments. Our study shows that the required toughness changes for fracture arrest are more significant than the observed values in the field. In contrast, stress barriers with a magnitude of around 1 MPa are generally sufficient to contain buoyant hydraulic fractures indefinitely. Stress barriers, in combination with other arrest mechanisms, are thus the most prominent mitigation factor of buoyant growth in industrially created hydraulic fractures.|Derivation of a 2D simplification to decide how 3D planar buoyant hydraulic fractures interact with changes in the Mode I fracture toughness. Derivation of the scaling for the approximately constant height spreading along a Mode I fracture toughness jump of a buoyant hydraulic fracture. Derivation of the limiting volume and injection rate to contain a buoyant hydraulic fracture below a change in Mode I fracture toughness. First-order estimation of the limits for containment and interaction type of buoyant hydraulic fractures at a change in confining stress. Validation of the derivations and first-order estimations through fully coupled planar 3D simulations of buoyant hydraulic fractures.	2024-05-20	Rock Mechanics And Rock Engineering
10.1021/acs.nanolett.5b05107	Evolution of the Valley Position in Bulk Transition-Metal Chalcogenides and Their Monolayer Limit	Layered transition metal chalcogenides with large spin orbit coupling have recently sparked much interest due to their potential applications for electronic, optoelectronic, spintronics, and valleytronics. However, most current understanding of the electronic structure near band valleys in momentum space is based on either theoretical investigations or optical measurements, leaving the detailed band structure elusive. For example, the exact position of the conduction band valley of bulk MoS2 remains controversial. Here, using angle resolved photoemission spectroscopy with submicron spatial resolution (micro-ARPES), we systematically imaged the conduction/valence band structure evolution across representative chalcogenides MoS2, WS2, and WSe2, well as the thickness dependent electronic structure from bulk to the monolayer limit. These results establish a solid basis to understand the underlying valley physics of these materials, and also provide a link between chalcogenide electronic band structure and their physical properties for potential valleytronics applications.	2016-01-01	Nano Letters
10.10188/1475-7516/2017/11/030	Freeze-out of baryon number in low-scale leptogenesis	Low-scale leptogenesis provides an economic and testable description of the origin of the baryon asymmetry of the Universe. In this scenario, the baryon asymmetry of the Universe is reprocessed from the lepton asymmetry by electroweak sphaleron processes. Provided that sphalerons are fast enough to maintain equilibrium, the values of the baryon and lepton asymmetries are related to each other. Usually, this relation is used to find the value of the baryon asymmetry at the time of the sphaleron freeze-out. To put in other words, the formula which is valid only when the sphalerons are fast, is applied at the moment when they are actually switched off. In this paper, we examine the validity of such a treatment. To this end, we solve the full system of kinetic equations for low-scale leptogenesis. This system includes equations describing the production of the lepton asymmetry in oscillations of right-handed neutrinos, as well as a separate kinetic equation for the baryon asymmetry. We show that for some values of the model parameters, the corrections to the standard approach are sizeable. We also present a feasible improvement to the ordinary procedure, which accounts for these corrections.	2017-01-01	Journal Of Cosmology And Astroparticle Physics
10.1002/anie.200800357	Superparamagnetic Nanoparticles as a Powerful Systems Biology. Characterization Tool in the Physiological Context	Recently, functionalized superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles (SPIONs) have been utilized for protein separation and therapeutic delivery of DNA and drugs. The development of new methods and tools for the targeting and identification of specific biomolecular interactions within living systems is of great interest in the fields of systems biology, target and drug identification, drug delivery, and diagnostics. Magnetic separation of organelles and proteins from complex whole-cell lysates allows enrichment and elucidation of intracellular interaction partners for a specific immobilized protein or peptide on the surface of SPIONs.	2008-01-01	Angewandte Chemie
10.1016/j.jnucmat.2006.12.065	Parallel SOL flow on TCV	Particle flow measurements parallel to the total magnetic field direction have been obtained for the first time in the TCV tokamak scrape-off layer. The plasma shape flexibility of TCV, coupled with carefully matched ohmic diverted discharges in forward and reversed toroidal field at varying plasma density is used to try and separate drift flow components and any field independent contributions in the outboard midplane vicinity. The measurements are generally well described in both direction and magnitude by neoclassical Pfirsch-Schliiter return flows compensating poloidal drifts. There is clear evidence for a small, field independent offset component (similar to 10-20% of the main flow), whose magnitude would be approximately consistent with a contribution driven by enhanced outboard ballooning particle transport due to interchange motions, but a part of which could also be due to divertor sink action in the rather open TCV divertor configuration. (c) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2007-01-01	Journal of Nuclear Materials
10.1016/j.fusengdes.2011.05.011	Physics design of a saddle coil system for TCV	The upgrade project for TCV (Tokamak à Configuration Variable) includes the installation of a set of saddle coils, namely the saddle coil system (SCS), located and powered such as to create a helical magnetic perturbation. Using independent power supplies, the toroidal periodicity of this perturbation is tunable, allowing simultaneously edge localized modes (ELM) control through resonant magnetic perturbation (RMP), error field correction and vertical control. Other experimental applications, like resistive wall mode and rotation control, are also in view. In this article, the adequacy of two SCS designs, an in-vessel one and an ex-vessel one, is assessed with respect to the desired experimental applications. The current requirements and the system performances are also characterized. The conducting vessel wall is accounted for in a model used to determine the coupled response functions of the SCS, the screening of the magnetic perturbation by the wall, the induced voltages and currents during a plasma disruption and the maximal magnetic forces exerted on the SCS. A scaling of the SCS parameters with the number of coil turns is presented and the issue of coil heating and cooling is discussed.	2011-01-01	Fusion Engineering and Design
10.1002/jbm.b.33763	Difference in suitable mechanical properties of three-dimensional, synthetic scaffolds for self-renewing mouse embryonic stem cells of different genetic backgrounds	We evaluated whether the genetic background of embryonic stem cells (ESCs) affects the properties suitable for three-dimensional (3D) synthetic scaffolds for cell self-renewal. Inbred R1 and hybrid B6D2F1 mouse ESC lines were cultured for 7 days in hydrogel scaffolds with different properties derived from conjugating 7.5, 10, 12.5, or 15% (wt/vol) vinylsulfone-functionalized three-, four-, or eight-arm polyethylene glycol (PEG) with dicysteine-containing crosslinkers with an intervening matrix metalloproteinase-specific cleavage sites. Cell proliferation and expression of self-renewal-related genes and proteins by ESCs cultured in feeder-free or containing 2D culture plate or 3D hydrogel were monitored. As a preliminary experiment, the E14 ESC-customized synthetic 3D microenvironment did not maintain self-renewal of either the R1 or B6D2F1 ESCs. The best R1 cell proliferation (10.04 vs. 0.16-4.39; p<0.0001) was observed in the four-arm 7.5% PEG-based hydrogels than those with other properties, whereas the F1 ESCs showed better proliferation when they were embedded in the three-arm 10% hydrogels. Self-renewal-related gene and protein expression by ESCs after feeder-free 3D culture was generally maintained compared with the feeder-containing 2D culture, but expression patterns and quantities differed. However, the feeder-free 3D culture yielded better expression than the feeder-free 2D culture. In conclusion, genetic background determined the suitability of hydrogel scaffolds for self-renewal of ESCs, which requires customization for the mechanical properties of each cell line. (C) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	2017-01-01	Journal Of Biomedical Materials Research Part B-Applied Biomaterials
10.1021/acs.jpclett.8b02148	Peptide Bond Ultraviolet Absorption Enables Vibrational Cold-Ion Spectroscopy of Nonaromatic Peptides	Peptide-bond VUV absorption is inherent to all proteins and peptides. Although widely exploited in top-down proteomics for photodissociation, this absorption has never been spectroscopically characterized in the gas phase. We have measured VUV/UV photofragmentation spectrum of a single peptide bond in a cryogenically cold protonated dipeptide. Although the spectrum appears to be very broadband and structureless, vibrational pre-excitation of this and even larger cold peptides significantly increases the UV dissociation yield for some of their photofragments. We use this effect to extend the technique of IR−UV photofragmentation vibrational spectroscopy, developed for aromatic peptides, to nonaromatic ones and demonstrate measurements of conformation-specific and nonspecific IR spectra for di- to hexa-peptides.	2018-08-29	The Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters
10.3389/fpsyg.2022.874232	Pre-pandemic Psychobiological Features Predict Impact of COVID-19 Confinement on Loneliness	The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic led to various government-imposed limitations on social interaction and strict home confinement. Such involuntary social-distancing policies can exacerbate feelings of loneliness and alter emotional well-being. Dysregulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical (HPA) axis is a potential mechanism for loneliness' deleterious health effects. In this study, we explored whether pre-pandemic diurnal cortisol output (AUC(G)), a measure of HPA axis function, may predict the propensity to changes in loneliness during long-term COVID-19 home confinement and if extraversion would moderate this relationship. This association has been explored by analysing the impact of COVID-19 pandemic and strict home confinement on social and emotional loneliness in 45 Spanish young adults. Diurnal cortisol levels were measured from five saliva samples obtained across a day just before the pandemic, and data about participants' perceived loneliness, empathic state, extraversion, and prospective volunteering were obtained both before and during the confinement. Participants' social and family loneliness increased during long-term strict home confinement, while prospective volunteering tendencies and extraversion decreased. Importantly, after adjusting for relevant confounders, moderation analyses revealed that in young adults with high pre-pandemic extraversion, a higher AUC(G) predicted a larger increase in social loneliness during confinement, while in individuals with low extraversion, AUC(G) was negatively related to change in loneliness. Our findings highlight the utility of pre-pandemic diurnal cortisol output in predicting the social impact of COVID-19 home confinement, presenting this hormone as a potential biomarker for a priori identification of at-risk groups during public health crises.	2022-04-28	Frontiers In Psychology
10.1371/journal.pone.0255554	Reaching articular limits can negatively impact embodiment in virtual reality	Providing Virtual Reality(VR) users with a 3D representation of their body complements the experience of immersion and presence in the virtual world with the experience of being physically located and more personally involved. A full-body avatar representation is known to induce a Sense of Embodiment (SoE) for this virtual body, which is associated with improvements in task performance, motivation and motor learning. Recent experimental research on embodiment provides useful guidelines, indicating the extent of discrepancy tolerated by users and, conversely, the limits and disruptive events that lead to a break in embodiment (BiE). Based on previous works on the limit of agency under movement distortion, this paper describes, studies and analyses the impact of a very common yet overlooked embodiment limitation linked to articular limits when performing a reaching movement. We demonstrate that perceiving the articular limit when fully extending the arm provides users with an additional internal proprioceptive feedback which, if not matched in the avatar’s movement, leads to the disruptive realization of an incorrect posture mapping. This study complements previous works on self-contact and visuo-haptic conflicts and emphasizes the risk of disrupting the SoE when distorting users’ movements or using a poorly-calibrated avatar.	2022-03-02	Plos One
10.3934/dcds.2019010	Adaptive Isogeometric Methods With Hierarchical Splines: An Overview	We consider an adaptive isogeometric method (AIGM) based on (truncated) hierarchical B-splines and present the study of its numerical properties. By following [10, 12, 11], optimal convergence rates of the AIGM can be proved when suitable approximation classes are considered. This is in line with the theory of adaptive methods developed for finite elements, recently well re- viewed in [43]. The important output of our analysis is the definition of classes of admissibility for meshes underlying hierarchical splines and the design of an optimal adaptive strategy based on these classes of meshes. The adaptivity analysis is validated on a selection of numerical tests. We also compare the results obtained with suitably graded meshes related to different classes of admissibility for 2D and 3D configurations.	2019-01-01	Discrete And Continuous Dynamical Systems
10.1103/PhysRevB.108.184425	Critical properties of the quantum Ashkin-Teller chain with chiral perturbations	We investigate the nature of the phase transitions in the quantum Ashkin-Teller chain in the presence of chiral perturbations. We locate the Lifshitz line separating a region of direct chiral transitions from the region where the transition is through an intermediate floating phase. Furthermore, we identify a small region in the vicinity of the four-state Potts point where chiral perturbations are irrelevant and where the transition remains conformal. Implications to Rydberg atom experiments are briefly discussed.	2023-11-27	Physical Review B
10.1111/j.1462-5822.2011.01582.x	Activation of a PAK-MEK signalling pathway in malaria parasite-infected erythrocytes	P>Merozoites of malaria parasites invade red blood cells (RBCs), where they multiply by schizogony, undergoing development through ring, trophozoite and schizont stages that are responsible for malaria pathogenesis. Here, we report that a protein kinase-mediated signalling pathway involving host RBC PAK1 and MEK1, which do not have orthologues in the Plasmodium kinome, is selectively stimulated in Plasmodium falciparum-infected (versus uninfected) RBCs, as determined by the use of phospho-specific antibodies directed against the activated forms of these enzymes. Pharmacological interference with host MEK and PAK function using highly specific allosteric inhibitors in their known cellular IC50 ranges results in parasite death. Furthermore, MEK inhibitors have parasiticidal effects in vitro on hepatocyte and erythrocyte stages of the rodent malaria parasite Plasmodium berghei, indicating conservation of this subversive strategy in malaria parasites. These findings have profound implications for the development of novel strategies for antimalarial chemotherapy.	2011-01-01	Cellular Microbiology
10.1007/s40828-022-00169-y	Analytics at the nanometer and nanosecond scales by short electron pulses in an electron microscope	Chemical reactions and phase transformations in nanometer-size objects may happen at very short timescales, so conventional characterization tools are not applicable. A new technique combining high spatial and temporal resolution is ultrafast (or dynamic) electron microscopy, where short electron pulses are used instead of continuous electron beams. In a pump-probe approach, fast transformations of the objects are induced by laser pulses and monitored by short photoelectron pulses in a transmission electron microscope. This approach allows us to study fast reaction kinetics in individual nanoparticles and detect short-living transient states. First, the article briefly introduces transmission electron microscopy techniques and techniques for creating short electron pulses, finally leading to the principle of ultrafast TEM. In the second part, applications of ultrafast TEM in different fields of nanoscience are discussed with a focus on nanochemistry, where the analysis of nanoparticles with nanosecond resolution is realized.	2022-10-03	Chemtexts
10.1021/am301153j	Innovative TiO2/Cu Nanosurfaces Inactivating Bacteria in the Minute Range under Low-Intensity Actinic Light	The bacterial inactivation of E. coli by cotton TiO2/Cu DC-magnetron sputtered thin films was investigated in the dark and under low-intensity actinic light. The TiO2/Cu sputtered layers revealed to be sensitive to actinic light showing the spectral characteristics of Cu/CuO. This indicates that Cu does not substitute Ti4+ in the crystal lattice. Under diffuse actinic light (4 mW/cm2), the hybrid composite TiO2/Cu sample lead to fast bacterial inactivation times <5 min. This study presents evidence for a direct relation between the film optical absorption obtained by diffuse reflectance spectroscopy (DRS) and the bacterial inactivation kinetics by the TiO2/Cu samples. The Cu-ions inactivating the bacteria were followed in solution by inductively plasma coupled spectroscopy (ICPS). The amounts of Cu-ions detected by ICPS provide the evidence for an oligodynamic antibacterial effect. The changes in the oxidation state of Cu during bacterial inactivation were followed by XPS. The E. coli cell viability was detected by standard coliform counting CFU methods. The TiO2/Cu thickness layer was determined by profilometry and the film microstructure by XPS, TEM, AFM, XRD, XRF and contact angle (CA). A mechanism of bacterial inactivation by TiO2/Cu samples is suggested in terms of interfacial charge transfer (IFCT) involving charge transfer between TiO2 and Cu.	2012-01-01	ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces
10.1016/j.enpol.2009.05.074	Water: A key resource in energy production	Water and energy are the key resources required for both economic and population growth, and yet both are increasingly scarce. The distribution of water takes large amounts of energy, while the production of energy requires large amounts of water in processes such as thermal plant cooling systems or raw materials extraction. This study analyzes the water needs for energy production in Spain according to the energy source sector (electricity, transportation or domestic) and process type (extraction and refining of raw materials or thermal plant use). Current and future water needs are quantified according to energy demand and technology mix evolution. Hypothetical scenarios that simulate the risks of promoting specific energy policies are also analyzed. Results show that the combination of energy resources used in Spain is projected to be more than 25% more water consumptive in 2030 than in 2005 under ceteris paribus conditions. Renewable energies are mixed in terms of their consequences on the water supply; wind power can reduce water withdrawal, while the biofuels production is a water-intensive process. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2009-01-01	Energy Policy
10.1096/fj.12-212290	Impaired myogenesis in estrogen-related receptor γ (ERRγ)-deficient skeletal myocytes due to oxidative stress	Specialized contractile function and increased mitochondrial number and oxidative capacity are hallmark features of myocyte differentiation. The estrogen-related receptors (ERRs) can regulate mitochondrial biogenesis or mitochondrial enzyme expression in skeletal muscle, suggesting that ERRs may have a role in promoting myogenesis. Therefore, we characterized myogenic programs in primary myocytes isolated from wild-type (M-ERRγWT) and muscle-specific ERRγ(-/-) (M-ERRγ(-/-)) mice. Myotube maturation and number were decreased throughout differentiation in M-ERRγ(-/-) primary myocytes, resulting in myotubes with reduced mitochondrial content and sarcomere assembly. Compared with M-ERRγWT myocytes at the same differentiation stage, the glucose oxidation rate was reduced by 30% in M-ERRγ(-/-) myotubes, while medium-chain fatty acid oxidation was increased by 34% in M-ERRγ(-/-) myoblasts and 36% in M-ERRγ(-/-) myotubes. Concomitant with increased reliance on mitochondrial β-oxidation, H(2)O(2) production was significantly increased by 40% in M-ERRγ(-/-) myoblasts and 70% in M-ERRγ(-/-) myotubes compared to M-ERRγWT myocytes. ROS activation of FoxO and NF-κB and their downstream targets, atrogin-1 and MuRF1, was observed in M-ERRγ(-/-) myocytes. The antioxidant N-acetyl cysteine rescued myotube formation and atrophy gene induction in M-ERRγ(-/-) myocytes. These results suggest that loss of ERRγ causes metabolic defects and oxidative stress that impair myotube formation through activation of skeletal muscle atrophy pathways.-Murray, J., Auwerx, J., Huss, J. M. Impaired myogenesis in estrogen-related receptor γ (ERRγ)-deficient skeletal myocytes due to oxidative stress.	2012-01-01	FASEB journal : official publication of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology
10.1103/PhysRevLett.101.196805	Tunable Spin Gaps in a Quantum-Confined Geometry	We have studied the interplay of a giant spin-orbit splitting and of quantum confinement in artificial Bi-Ag-Si trilayer structures. Angle-resolved photoelectron spectroscopy reveals the formation of a complex spin-dependent gap structure, which can be tuned by varying the thickness of the Ag buffer layer. This provides a means to tailor the electronic structure at the Fermi energy, with potential applications for silicon-compatible spintronic devices.	2008-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1016/j.neuropsychologia.2010.04.025	Revisiting a study of callosal apraxia: The right hemisphere can imitate the orientation but not the position of the hand	Callosal disconnection can reveal asymmetrical contributions of the two brain hemispheres to praxis. In this paper, we revisit a study of a patient with callosal disconnection (Goldenberg et al., 2001, Neuropsychologia, 39:1432–1443), who perfectly imitated meaningless gestures when imitation was controlled only by the left hemisphere, but was severely impaired when the right hemisphere was in charge of motor control. We decomposed the gestures into a set of geometric variables that were to be reproduced, such as the orientation of the hand and the position of contact between the hand and the face. Whereas orientation of the hand in extrinsic coordinates was replicated correctly by both hemispheres, only the left hemisphere reproduced correctly the position of contact between the hand and the face. This goal-dissociation as well as several partial perseveration errors speak against the hypothesis of a direct route from perception to motor replication of gestures, as interruption of a direct route would probably impair all the features of the gesture. We speculate that incorrect coordination between the reproductions of multiple goals may be the core deficit underlying callosal apraxia.	2010-01-01	Neuropsychologia
10.1088/1748-3190/ab5928	Multimodal pipe-climbing robot with origami clutches and soft modular legs	In nature, climbing trees and pipes of varying diameters or even navigating inside of hollow pipes and tree holes is easy for some climbing animals and insects. However, today's pipe-climbing robots, which are important for automatically conducting periodic inspections and maintenance of pipelines to save time and keep humans away from hazardous environments, are designed mainly for a specific task, limiting their adaptability to different working scenarios and further implementation in real-life. In this paper, we propose a pipe-climbing robot with a soft linear actuator for bioinspired propulsion, two origami clutches to realize multi-degrees-of-freedom (DoF) motion and two pairs of soft modular legs for multimodal climbing. Design, modeling and experimental validation of the origami clutch are introduced in detail. Preliminary experimental results show that we can achieve a stroke of up to 289.6% and a maximum 45 degrees bending angle on the soft linear actuator by regulating the air pressure inside the soft actuator and origami clutches. Additionally, by choosing the leg-type, three climbing modes, including out-pipe versatile mode, out-pipe high-force mode and in-pipe mode can be realized for particular working scenarios. A prototype climbing robot demonstrates that in out-pipe versatile mode, the robot can climb on the exterior of pipes made of various materials including PVC, rubber and metal with diameters ranging from 105 to 117 mm. In the out-pipe high-force mode, the climber can navigate along a specific pipe carrying maximum 675 g external load at the top or 200 g hanging from the bottom, as well as keeping functional without failure under static loads as high as 1968 g. In the in-pipe mode, the robot is able to travel inside pipes. This research might bridge the design gap between in-pipe and out-pipe climbing robots while offering an alternative option for soft robots to execute multi-DoF motion.	2020-03-01	Bioinspiration & Biomimetics
10.1016/j.photonics.2012.06.006	Uncoupled photonic band gaps	We theoretically investigated the symmetry properties of the modes in two-dimensional square lattice photonic crystals in order to study phenomena that would enable new frontiers in the applications of photonic crystals. Using group theory, symmetry analysis of the photonic crystals bands has been done. Particular attention was given to the search for the uncoupled B modes that cannot be excited by the external plane wave because they are symmetry forbidden. The existence of the uncoupled modes enabled to define new physics phenomena: uncoupled photonic band gaps. For the frequency ranges inside the uncoupled photonic band gaps, zero transmission is obtained. Therefore, there are two different types of photonic gaps in the photonic crystals: photonic band gaps and uncoupled photonic band gaps. The appearance of uncoupled photonic band gaps in photonic crystals could at least improve the application of the existing photonic materials and structures or even enable the usage of new ones for devices like waveguides, filters, and lasers. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2012-01-01	Photonics And Nanostructures-Fundamentals And Applications
10.1016/j.neuroimage.2012.12.011	Mapping interictal epileptic discharges using mutual information between concurrent EEG and fMRI	Objective: The mapping of haemodynamic changes related to interictal epileptic discharges (IED) in simultaneous electroencephalography (EEG) and functional MRI (fMRI) studies is usually carried out by means of EEG-correlated fMRI analyses where the EEG information specifies the model to test on the fMRI signal. The sensitivity and specificity critically depend on the accuracy of EEG detection and the validity of the haemodynamic model. In this study we investigated whether an information theoretic analysis based on the mutual information (MI) between the presence of epileptic activity on EEG and the fMRI data can provide further insights into the haemodynamic changes related to interictal epileptic activity. The important features of MI are that: 1) both recording modalities are treated symmetrically; 2) no requirement for a-priori models for the haemodynamic response function, or assumption of a linear relationship between the spiking activity and BOLD responses, and 3) no parametric model for the type of noise or its probability distribution is necessary for the computation of MI. Methods: Fourteen patients with pharmaco-resistant focal epilepsy underwent EEG fMRI and intracranial EEG and/or surgical resection with positive postoperative outcome (seizure freedom or considerable reduction in seizure frequency) was available in 7/14 patients. We used nonparametric statistical assessment of the MI maps based on a four-dimensional wavelet packet resampling method. The results of MI were compared to the statistical parametric maps obtained with two conventional General Linear Model (GLM) analyses based on the informed basis set (canonical HRF and its temporal and dispersion derivatives) and the Finite Impulse Response (FIR) models. Results: The MI results were concordant with the electro-clinically or surgically defined epileptogenic area in 8/14 patients and showed the same degree of concordance as the results obtained with the GLM-based methods in 12 patients (7 concordant and 5 discordant). In one patient, the information theoretic analysis improved the delineation of the irritative zone compared with the GLM-based methods. Discussion: Our findings suggest that an information theoretic analysis can provide clinically relevant information about the BOLD signal changes associated with the generation and propagation of interictal epileptic discharges. The concordance between the MI, GLM and FIR maps support the validity of the assumptions adopted in GLM-based analyses of interictal epileptic activity with EEG fMRI in such a manner that they do not significantly constrain the localization of the epileptogenic zone. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2013-01-01	Neuroimage
10.1016/0022-2364(91)90408-L	Toward automated analysis of dipole-coupled NMR spectra of solutes in liquid crystals	Dipolar-coupled spectra of mols. dissolved in liq. cryst. solvents were analyzed by applying pattern recognition procedures to 2-dimensional z-filtered correlation spectra (z-COSY). Transitions that share common common energy levels can be recognized as such by recording spectra with different flip angles. This allows one to obtain a picture of the energy-level diagram without knowledge of the Hamiltonian, although in the current preliminary version of the program, the no. of spins and their symmetry must be known prior to anal. By adapting the programs NMREN and NMRIT, the energies of the eigenstates derived from the spectra are assigned to the diagonal elements of the Hamiltonian in the product base. These assignments can be made without guesswork, except for states with the same quantum nos., for which it is necessary to permute assignments by trial and error. The algorithm is iterated for different tentative assignments of the eigenstates to yield the shifts and couplings. The best Hamiltonian (best assignment) is chosen on the grounds of a comparison between simulated and exptl. spectra. Examples of entirely automated anal. are shown for A3B and A2BC systems. [on SciFinder (R)]	1991-01-01	Journal of Magnetic Resonance
10.1021/jacs.0c09242	Multimodal Response to Copper Binding in Superoxide Dismutase Dynamics	Copper/zinc superoxide dismutase (SOD) is a homodimeric metalloenzyme that has been extensively studied as a benchmark for structure-function relationships in proteins, in particular because of its implication in the familial form of the neurodegenerative disease amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Here, we investigate microcrystalline preparations of two differently metalated forms of SOD, namely, the fully mature functional Cu,Zn state and the E,Zn-SOD state in which the Cu site is empty. By using solid-state NMR with fast magic-angle spinning (MAS) at high magnetic fields (H-1 Larmor frequency of 800-1000 MHz), we quantify motions spanning a dynamic range from ns to ms. We determine that metal ion uptake does not act as a rigidification element but as a switch redistributing motional processes on different time scales, with coupling of the dynamics of histidine side chains and those of remote key backbone elements of the protein.	2020-11-18	Journal Of The American Chemical Society
10.1063/1.4775579	Field-effect-based chemical sensing using nanowire-nanoparticle hybrids: The ion-sensitive metal-semiconductor field-effect transistor	A new class of nanoscale devices called ion-sensitive metal-semiconductor field-effect transistors (nano-IS-MESFET) for sensing applications is reported. Nanoparticle-nanowire hybrids with active metal-semiconductor regions are operated as ion-sensitive field-effect transistors (ISFETs) in liquids, where 0D metal gates induce quasi-spherical charge depletion regions in 1D transport channel producing stronger field-effects. As a proof-of-concept, we present ZnO nanowire-Pd/Au nanoparticle IS-MESFETs that show increased transconductance in comparison to ZnO nanowire ISFETs. As demonstrated further, ISMESFETs may also provide strategies for site-specific immobilization of receptor molecules paving way towards a novel electrical biosensing platform operable at low voltages with improved selectivity and sensitivity. (C) 2013 American Institute of Physics. [http://dx.doi.org/10.1063/1.4775579]	2013-01-01	Applied Physics Letters
10.1016/j.cor.2024.106588	A ride time-oriented scheduling algorithm for dial-a-ride problems	This paper offers a new algorithm to efficiently optimize scheduling decisions for dial-a-ride problems (DARPs), including problem variants considering electric and autonomous vehicles (e-ADARPs). The scheduling heuristic, based on linear programming theory, aims at finding minimal user ride time schedules in worst-case quadratic time. The algorithm can either return feasible routes or it can return incorrect infeasibility declarations, on which feasibility can be recovered through a specifically-designed heuristic. The algorithm is furthermore supplemented by a battery management algorithm that can be used to determine charging decisions for electric and autonomous vehicle fleets. Timing solutions from the proposed scheduling algorithm are obtained on millions of routes extracted from DARP and e-ADARP benchmark instances. They are compared to those obtained from a linear program, as well as to popular scheduling procedures from the DARP literature. The proposed procedure mostly yields optimal solutions, with nearly-optimal solutions occurring in only 27 out of 21.5 million cases on DARP instances. Additionally, it demonstrates an average speed improvement of around 60% compared to a linear program and performs comparably to benchmark scheduling approaches from the DARP literature, while outperforming them in solution quality.	2024-05-01	Computers & Operations Research
10.1109/TASC.2005.849145	Experimental results of a 70 kA high temperature superconductor current lead demonstrator for the ITER magnet system	In the frame of the European Fusion Technology Programme, the Forschungszentrum Karlsruhe and the CRPP Villigen have designed and built a 70 kA current lead for the ITER TF Coils using High Temperature Superconductors (HTS). At the beginning of 2004 the HTS current lead was installed and tested in the TOSKA facility of the Forschungszentrum Karlsruhe. The scope of the experiment was to characterize the current lead in steady state conditions and to explore the operation limits as well. For this, the temperature profile, the contact resistances, the heat load at 4.5 K, the required 50 K He mass flow rate, and the temperature margin were evaluated. The safety margin in case of a loss of He mass flow was studied, too. The paper describes the experimental results as well as the thermal and electrical models developed.	2005-01-01	Ieee Transactions on Applied Superconductivity
10.1186/1687-5281-2014-2	Face liveness detection using dynamic texture	User authentication is an important step to protect information, and in this context, face biometrics is potentially advantageous. Face biometrics is natural, intuitive, easy to use, and less human-invasive. Unfortunately, recent work has revealed that face biometrics is vulnerable to spoofing attacks using cheap low-tech equipment. This paper introduces a novel and appealing approach to detect face spoofing using the spatiotemporal (dynamic texture) extensions of the highly popular local binary pattern operator. The key idea of the approach is to learn and detect the structure and the dynamics of the facial micro-textures that characterise real faces but not fake ones. We evaluated the approach with two publicly available databases (Replay-Attack Database and CASIA Face Anti-Spoofing Database). The results show that our approach performs better than state-of-the-art techniques following the provided evaluation protocols of each database.	2014-01-01	EURASIP Journal on Image and Video Processing
10.1080/00207543.2012.682181	Optimal process plan selection in networked based manufacturing using game-theoretic approach	This paper proposes a scheme for generating optimal process plans for multi jobs in a networked based manufacturing system. Networked manufacturing offers several advantages in the current competitive atmosphere such as reducing short manufacturing cycle time and maintaining the production flexibility, thereby achieving several feasible process plans. An N-person non-co-operative game with complete information is proposed and a mathematical model has been developed to generate the payoff functions. To be part of a game, we divided the game into two sub-games such as games to address sub-game (GASG) and games to solve sub-game (GSSG) which try to interact with each other and achieve the Nash equilibrium (NE). Consequently, a hybrid dynamic-DNA (HD-DNA) based evolutionary algorithm approach has been developed for more effective solutions of the game and also for finding the perfect NE points. The objective of this game is to generate the optimal process plans to minimise the makespan. Finally, three cases having different job complexities are presented to demonstrate the feasibility of the approach. The proposed algorithm is validated and results are analysed to benefit the manufacturer.	2012-01-01	International Journal of Production Research
10.1142/S0218202522500099	Analysis-aware defeaturing: Problem setting and a posteriori estimation	Defeaturing consists in simplifying geometrical models by removing the geometrical features that are considered not relevant for a given simulation. Feature removal and simplification of computer-aided design models enables faster simulations for engineering analysis problems, and simplifies the meshing problem that is otherwise often unfeasible. The effects of defeaturing on the analysis are then neglected and as of today, there are basically very few strategies to quantitatively evaluate such an impact. Understanding well the effects of this process is an important step for automatic integration of design and analysis. We formalize the process of defeaturing by understanding its effect on the solution of Poisson equation defined on the geometrical model of interest containing a single feature, with Neumann boundary conditions on the feature itself. We derive an a posteriori estimator of the energy error between the solutions of the exact and the defeatured geometries in $\mathbb{R}^n$, $n\in\{2, 3\}$, that is simple, reliable and efficient up to oscillations. The dependence of the estimator upon the size of the features is explicit.	2022-01-31	Mathematical Models and Methods in Applied Sciences
10.1063/1.116489	Structurally relaxed models of the Si(001)-SiO2 interface	We present a first-principles investigation of the structural properties of two models for the Si(001)-SiO2 interface. The models derive from attaching tridymite, a crystalline form of SiO2, to Si(001), and then allowing for full relaxation. These models do not show electronic states in the silicon gap, as required by electrical experiments. They contain the three intermediate oxidation states of silicon, consistent with photoemission experiments. We study bond length and bond angle distributions and measures of local strain. The strain is localized to a transition region at the interface. Strain does not persist in the full oxide. (C) 1996 American Institute of Physics.	1996-01-01	Applied Physics Letters
10.1016/j.jinteco.2013.12.010	Trade policy: Home market effect versus terms-of-trade externality	We study trade policy in a two-sector Krugman (1980) trade model, allowing for wage, import and export subsidies/taxes. We study non-cooperative trade policies, first for each individual instrument and then for the situation where all instruments can be set simultaneously, and contrast those with the efficient allocation. We show that in this general context there are four motives for non-cooperative trade policies: the correction of monopolistic distortions; the terms-of-trade manipulation; the delocation motive for protection (home market effect); the fiscal-burden-shifting motive. The Nash equilibrium when all instruments are available is characterized by first-best-level wage subsidies, and inefficient import subsidies and export taxes, which aim at relocating firms to the other economy and improving terms of trade. Thus, the dominating incentives for non-cooperative trade policies are the fiscal-burden-shifting motives and terms-of-trade effects. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2014-01-01	Journal Of International Economics
10.1364/OE.14.009971	Optical interactions in a plasmonic particle coupled to a metallic film	The interplay between localized surface plasmon (LSP) and surface plasmon-polariton (SPP) is studied in detail in a system composed of a three-dimensional gold particle located at a short distance from a gold thin film. Important frequency shifts of the LSP associated with the particle are observed for spacing distances between 0 and 50 nm. Beyond this distance the LSP and SPP resonances overlap, although some cavity effects between the particle and the film can still be observed. In particular, when the spacing increases the field in the cavity decreases more slowly than one would expect from a simple image dipole interpretation. For short separations the coupling between the particle and the film can produce a dramatic enhancement of the electromagnetic field in the space between them, where the electric field intensity can reach 5000 times that of the illumination field. Several movies show the spectral and time evolutions of the field distribution in the system both in and out of resonance. The character of the different modes excited in the system is studied. They include dipolar and quadrupolar modes, the latter exhibiting essentially a magnetic response. (c) 2006 Optical Society of America	2006-01-01	Optics Express
10.1111/jvs.12296	Experimental warming interacts with soil moisture to discriminate plant responses in an ombrotrophic peatland	QuestionA better understanding of the response of Sphagnum mosses and associated vascular plants to climate warming is relevant for predicting the carbon balance of peatlands in a warmer world. Open-top chambers (OTCs) have been used to investigate the effect on soil biogeochemical processes in peatlands, but little information is available on the effects of OTCs on microclimate conditions and the associated response of the plant community. We aimed to understand how simulated warming and differences in soil moisture affect plant species cover. LocationA Sphagnum-dominated peatlands in French Jura. MethodsWe used OTCs to measure the effect of a near-ground temperature increase (+1.5 degrees C on average) on vegetation dynamics over five growing seasons (2008-2012) in a Sphagnum-dominated peatland, in two adjacent microhabitats with different hydrological conditions - wet and dry. Microclimatic conditions and plant species abundance were monitored at peak biomass in years 1, 2, 3 and 5 and monthly during the plant growing season in year 5. ResultsThe response to warming differed between vascular plants and bryophytes, as well as among species within these groups, and also varied in relation to soil moisture. Andromeda polifolia abundance responded positively to warming, while Vaccinium oxycoccus responded negatively, and Eriophorum vaginatum showed a high resistance. ConclusionDepth of rooting of vascular plants appeared to control the response in plant abundance, while moss abundance depended on various other interacting factors, such as shading by the vascular plant community, precipitation and soil moisture.	2015-01-01	Journal Of Vegetation Science
10.1016/j.jnt.2009.01.015	2-Selmer groups and the Birch-Swinnerton-Dyer Conjecture for the congruent number curves	We take an approach toward Counting the number of integers n for which the curve (n),: y(2) = x(3) - n(2)x has 2-Selmer groups of a given size. This question was also discussed in a pair of papers by Roger Heath-Brown. In contrast to earlier work, our analysis focuses oil restricting the number of prime factors of n. Additionally, we discuss the connection between computing the size of these Selmer groups and verifying cases of the Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer Conjecture. The key ingredient for the asymptotic formulae is the "independence" of the Legendre symbol evaluated at the prime divisors of an integer with exactly k prime factors. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2009-01-01	Journal Of Number Theory
10.1039/c8tc02242a	Pyridination of hole transporting material in perovskite solar cells questions the long-term stability	In this work, for the first time, reactive radical-cation species present in hole-transporting materials were shown to react with tert-butylpyridine additive, routinely used in hole transporting layer composition. As a result, new pyridinated products were isolated and characterized by NMR and MS analysis. Additionally, their optical and photophysical properties (i.e., solid-state ionization potentials (Ip), cyclic voltammetry (CV), UV/vis characteristics, and conductivities) were determined. Formation of the pyridinated products was confirmed in the aged perovskite solar cells by means of mass spectrometry, and shown to have negative influence on the overall device performance. We believe that these findings will help improve the stability of perovskite devices by either molecular engineering of hole-transporting materials or utilization of lessreactive or sterically hindered pyridine derivatives.	2018-09-07	Journal Of Materials Chemistry C
10.1126/sciadv.abe1911	Ultrafast pulse shaping modulates perceived visual brightness in living animals	Vision is usually assumed to be sensitive to the light intensity and spectrum but not to its spectral phase. However, experiments performed on retinal proteins in solution showed that the first step of vision consists in an ultra-fast photoisomerization that can be coherently controlled by shaping the phase of femtosecond laser pulses, especially in the multiphoton interaction regime. The link between these experiments in solution and the biological process allowing vision was not demonstrated. Here, we measure the electric signals fired from the retina of living mice upon femtosecond multipulse and single-pulse light stimulation. Our results show that the electro-physiological signaling is sensitive to the manipulation of the light excitation on a femtosecond time scale. The mechanism relies on multiple interactions with the light pulses close to the conical intersection, like pump-dump (photoisomerization interruption) and pump-repump (reverse isomerization) processes. This interpretation is supported both experimentally and by dynamics simulations.	2021-04-01	Science Advances
10.1093/nar/gks1092	UCNEbase – a database of ultra-conserved non-coding elements and genomic regulatory blocks	UCNEbase (http://ccg.vital-it.ch/UCNEbase) is a free, web-accessible information resource on the evolution and genomic organization of ultra-conserved non-coding elements (UCNEs). It currently covers 4351 such elements in 18 different species. The majority of UCNEs are supposed to be transcriptional regulators of key developmental genes. As most of them occur as clusters near potential target genes, the database is organized along two hierarchical levels: individual UCNEs and ultra-conserved genomic regulatory blocks (UGRBs). UCNEbase introduces a coherent nomenclature for UCNEs reflecting their respective associations with likely target genes. Orthologous and paralogous UCNEs share components of their names and are systematically cross-linked. Detailed synteny maps between the human and other genomes are provided for all UGRBs. UCNEbase is managed by a relational database system and can be accessed by a variety of web-based query pages. As it relies on the UCSC genome browser as visualization platform, a large part of its data content is also available as browser viewable custom track files. UCNEbase is potentially useful to any computational, experimental or evolutionary biologist interested in conserved non-coding DNA elements in vertebrates.	2013-01-01	Nucleic Acids Research
10.1021/cb300194b	Real-Time Noninvasive Imaging of Fatty Acid Uptake in Vivo	Detection and quantification of fatty acid fluxes in animal model systems following physiological, pathological, or pharmacological challenges is key to our understanding of complex metabolic networks as these macronutrients also activate transcription factors and modulate signaling cascades including insulin sensitivity. To enable noninvasive, real-time, spatiotemporal quantitative imaging of fatty acid fluxes in animals, we created a bioactivatable molecular imaging probe based on long chain fatty acids conjugated to a reporter molecule (luciferin). We show that this probe faithfully recapitulates cellular fatty acid uptake and can be used in animal systems as a valuable tool to localize and quantitate in real time lipid fluxes such as intestinal fatty acid absorption and brown adipose tissue activation. This imaging approach should further our understanding of basic metabolic processes and pathological alterations in multiple disease models.	2012-01-01	Acs Chemical Biology
10.1371/journal.pcbi.1007882	A fully joint Bayesian quantitative trait locus mapping of human protein abundance in plasma	Molecular quantitative trait locus (QTL) analyses are increasingly popular to explore the genetic architecture of complex traits, but existing studies do not leverage shared regulatory patterns and suffer from a large multiplicity burden, which hampers the detection of weak signals such as trans associations. Here, we present a fully multivariate proteomic QTL (pQTL) analysis performed with our recently proposed Bayesian method LOCUS on data from two clinical cohorts, with plasma protein levels quantified by mass-spectrometry and aptamer-based assays. Our two-stage study identifies 136 pQTL associations in the first cohort, of which >80% replicate in the second independent cohort and have significant enrichment with functional genomic elements and disease risk loci. Moreover, 78% of the pQTLs whose protein abundance was quantified by both proteomic techniques are confirmed across assays. Our thorough comparisons with standard univariate QTL mapping on (1) these data and (2) synthetic data emulating the real data show how LOCUS borrows strength across correlated protein levels and markers on a genome-wide scale to effectively increase statistical power. Notably, 15% of the pQTLs uncovered by LOCUS would be missed by the univariate approach, including several trans and pleiotropic hits with successful independent validation. Finally, the analysis of extensive clinical data from the two cohorts indicates that the genetically-driven proteins identified by LOCUS are enriched in associations with low-grade inflammation, insulin resistance and dyslipidemia and might therefore act as endophenotypes for metabolic diseases. While considerations on the clinical role of the pQTLs are beyond the scope of our work, these findings generate useful hypotheses to be explored in future research; all results are accessible online from our searchable database. Thanks to its efficient variational Bayes implementation, LOCUS can analyze jointly thousands of traits and millions of markers. Its applicability goes beyond pQTL studies, opening new perspectives for large-scale genome-wide association and QTL analyses.	2020-06-01	Plos Computational Biology
10.1007/s00603-024-04174-0	The Influence of Micro- and Macrocracks on the Permeability of Granite	Damage zones exist around crustal faults, where micro- and macrocracks coexist and form a complex conduit network for fluid flow. The permeability of these zones can change rapidly as the crack network evolves during deformation. To investigate the relative influence of micro- and macrocracks on permeability, we performed an experimental study on Lanh & eacute;lin granite, consisting of three steps: (1) monitoring thermal microcracking using high-temperature experiments, (2) measuring the evolution of physical properties following thermal stressing, and (3) measuring the permeability of thermally stressed samples during triaxial deformation. By monitoring acoustic emission activity and P-wave velocity during heating, we find that thermal microcracking starts at similar to 100 degrees C and accumulates up to the maximum temperature of 700 degrees C. Porosity and permeability increase and P-wave velocity, uniaxial compressive strength, and thermal conductivity and diffusivity decrease as thermal-stressing temperature increases from room temperature to 700 degrees C. The axial permeability of thermally stressed samples decreases by about one order of magnitude during triaxial loading to the peak stress, due to the closure of pre-existing microcracks, and then increases following the formation of a macroscopic shear fracture. Permeability then remains more-or-less constant as strain is accommodated by the resultant shear fracture. Our results show that the permeability of microcracked granite evolves differently to intact granite, for which permeability increases, during pre-failure deformation in the brittle regime. Such results have important implications for fluid flow in crustal fault systems and their potential for geothermal energy exploitation, which we explore using a simple numerical simulation.	2024-12-07	ROCK MECHANICS AND ROCK ENGINEERING
10.1016/S0301-4215(03)00164-2	Opportunity for inter-regional integration of electricity markets: the case of Shandong and Shanghai in East China	In this paper, the opportunity for the inter-regional integration of the electricity market in East China is analysed on the basis of strategies for the future expansion of the electricity generation system. We assume that during its first stage, the operational breakthrough of the electricity sector reform in China will be to achieve an economic dispatch of the generating plants. On the basis of this assumed goal a multi-region model is proposed to appraise the potential benefits of an integrated inter-regional electricity market. This model includes: propositions on design and operation of the market, electricity demand forecasting, least-cost generating system expansion. As case study, three strategies of electricity supply are assessed in two provinces: Shandong and Shanghai in East China. While Shandong is a potential electricity exporter due to availability of primary energy resources, Shanghai is an electricity importer. The strategies include: autarkical expansion of each regional system, import/export only for minimizing operation costs, integration of the system expansion for minimizing total costs including operation and investment costs. One of the findings is that building up an inter-regional integrated electricity market is profitable for both the Shanghai and Shandong regions compared with the two other strategies, if the future regulation makes it possible to insure an economic dispatch of the generating power plants.	2004-01-01	Energy Policy
10.1103/PhysRevD.93.084052	Scale-invariant alternatives to general relativity. II. Dilaton properties	In the present paper, we revisit gravitational theories which are invariant under TDiffs-transverse (volume-preserving) diffeomorphisms and global scale transformations. It is known that these theories can be rewritten in an equivalent diffeomorphism-invariant form with an action including an integration constant (cosmological constant for the particular case of non-scale-invariant unimodular gravity). The presence of this integration constant, in general, breaks explicitly scale invariance and induces a runaway potential for the (otherwise massless) dilaton, associated with the determinant of the metric tensor. We show, however, that if the metric carries mass dimension [GeV](-2), the scale invariance of the system is preserved, unlike the situation in theories in which the metric has mass dimension different from -2. The dilaton remains massless and couples to other fields only through derivatives, without any conflict with observations. We observe that one can define a specific limit for fields and their derivatives (in particular, the dilaton goes to zero, potentially related to the small distance domain of the theory) in which the only singular terms in the action correspond to the Higgs mass and the cosmological constant. We speculate that the self-consistency of the theory may require the regularity of the action, leading to the absence of the bare Higgs mass and cosmological constant, whereas their small finite values may be generated by nonperturbative effects.	2016-01-01	Physical Review D
10.1023/A:1008971222932	Protein-mediated macrophage adhesion and activation on biomaterials: a model for modulating cell behavior	The elucidation of proteins involved in biomaterial-modulated macrophage behavior is crit. for the improvement of material performance and the initial exploration of material design capable of manipulating macrophage function for tissue engineering. Several in vitro and in vivo techniques are presented to demonstrate means of delineating a part of the complex mol. mechanisms involved in the interaction between biomaterial and macrophage adhesion and phenotypic development. RIA showed that complement component C3 was crit. in mediating human macrophage adhesion on polyurethanes. The presence of a diphenolic antioxidant additive in polyurethanes increased the propensity for complement upregulation but did not affect adherent macrophage d. The s.c. cage-implant system was utilized to delineate interleukin-4 participation in the fusion of adherent macrophages to form foreign body giant cells in vivo in mice. Injection of purified interleukin-4-neutralizing antibody into the implanted cages decreased the giant cell d.; conversely, the giant cell d. was increased by injection of recombinant interleukin-4. The RGD and PHSRN amino acid sequences of the central cell-binding domain and the PRRARV sequence of the C-terminal heparin-binding domain of human plasma fibronectin were utilized to study the structure-function relations of proteins in mediating macrophage behavior. PEG-based networks grafted with the RGD-contg. peptide supported higher adherent human macrophage d. than surfaces grafted with other peptides. Formation of foreign body giant cells was highly dependent on the relative orientation between PHSRN and RGD domains located in a single peptide. [on SciFinder (R)]	1999-01-01	Journal of Materials Science: Materials in Medicine
10.1039/c5nr00620a	Contact angle and adsorption energies of nanoparticles at the air-liquid interface determined by neutron reflectivity and molecular dynamics	Understanding how nanomaterials interact with interfaces is essential to control their self-assembly as well as their optical, electronic, and catalytic properties. We present here an experimental approach based on neutron reflectivity (NR) that allows the in situ measurement of the contact angles of nanoparticles adsorbed at fluid interfaces. Because our method provides a route to quantify the adsorption and interfacial energies of the nanoparticles in situ, it circumvents problems associated with existing indirect methods, which rely on the transport of the monolayers to substrates for further analysis. We illustrate the method by measuring the contact angle of hydrophilic and hydrophobic gold nanoparticles, coated with perdeuterated octanethiol (d-OT) and with a mixture of d-OT and mercaptohexanol (MHol), respectively. The contact angles were also calculated via atomistic molecular dynamics (MD) computations, showing excellent agreement with the experimental data. Our method opens the route to quantify the adsorption of complex nanoparticle structures adsorbed at fluid interfaces featuring different chemical compositions.	2015-01-01	Nanoscale
10.1055/s-1974-23469	Direct conversion of alkyl thiols to the corresponding sulfonyl fluorides	RSH (R = n-octyl, cyclohexyl, tert-nonyl) were oxidized by NO2 in >=65% aq. HF to give RSO2F in ?85% yields. [on SciFinder (R)]	1974-01-01	Synthesis
10.1007/JHEP01(2022)065	Study of B-c(+) decays to charmonia and three light hadrons	Using proton-proton collision data, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 9 fb(-1) collected with the LHCb detector, seven decay modes of the B-C(+) meson into a J/psi or psi(2S) meson and three charged hadrons, kaons or pions, are studied. The decays B-C (+)-> (psi(2S) -> J/psi pi(+)pi(-))pi(+), B+C -> (psi(2S)pi(+)pi(-)pi(+), B+C -> J/psi K+pi(-)pi(+) and B+C -> J/K+K-K+ are observed for the first time, and evidence for the B-C (+)-> (psi(2S)K+K-pi(+), decay is found, where J/psi and psi(2S) mesons are reconstructed in their dimuon decay modes. The ratios of branching fractions between the different B-C(+) decays are reported as well as the fractions of the decays proceeding via intermediate resonances. The results largely support the factorisation approach used for a theoretical description of the studied decays.	2022-01-13	Journal Of High Energy Physics
10.1002/hep.27204	Bile Acids Alter Male Fertility Through G-Protein-Coupled Bile Acid Receptor 1 Signaling Pathways in Mice	Bile acids (BAs) are signaling molecules that are involved in many physiological functions, such as glucose and energy metabolism. These effects are mediated through activation of the nuclear and membrane receptors, farnesoid X receptor (FXR-alpha) and TGR5 (G-protein-coupled bile acid receptor 1; GPBAR1). Although both receptors are expressed within the testes, the potential effect of BAs on testis physiology and male fertility has not been explored thus far. Here, we demonstrate that mice fed a diet supplemented with cholic acid have reduced fertility subsequent to testicular defects. Initially, germ cell sloughing and rupture of the blood-testis barrier occur and are correlated with decreased protein accumulation of connexin-43 (Cx43) and N-cadherin, whereas at later stages, apoptosis of spermatids is observed. These abnormalities are associated with increased intratesticular BA levels in general and deoxycholic acid, a TGR5 agonist, in particular. We demonstrate here that Tgr5 is expressed within the germ cell lineage, where it represses Cx43 expression through regulation of the transcriptional repressor, T-box transcription factor 2 gene. Consistent with this finding, mice deficient for Tgr5 are protected against the deleterious testicular effects of BA exposure. Conclusions: These data identify the testis as a new target of BAs and emphasize TGR5 as a critical element in testicular pathophysiology. This work may open new perspectives on the potential effect of BAs on testis physiology during liver dysfunction.	2014-01-01	Hepatology
10.1364/OE.14.011277	Fast focus field calculations	We present a fast calculation of the electromagnetic field near the focus of an objective with a high numerical aperture (NA). Instead of direct integration, the vectorial Debye diffraction integral is evaluated with the fast Fourier transform for calculating the electromagnetic field in the entire focal region. We generalize this concept with the chirp z transform for obtaining a flexible sampling grid and an additional gain in computation speed. Under the conditions for the validity of the Debye integral representation, our method yields the amplitude, phase and polarization of the focus field for an arbitrary paraxial input field on the objective. We present two case studies by calculating the focus fields of a 40×1.20 NA water immersion objective for different amplitude distributions of the input field, and a 100×1.45 NA oil immersion objective containing evanescent field contributions for both linearly and radially polarized input fields.	2006-01-01	Optics Express
10.1016/j.physletb.2012.02.031	Measurement of the B-s(0)-(B)over-bar(s)(0) oscillation frequency Delta m(s) in B-s(0) -> D-s(-)(3)pi decays	The B-s(0)-(B) over bar (0)(s) oscillation frequency Delta m(s) is measured with 36 pb(-1) of data collected in pp collisions at = 7 TeV by the LHCb experiment at the Large Hadron Collider. A total of 1381 B-s(0) -> D-s(-) pi(+) and B-s(0) -> D-s(-) pi(+)pi(-)pi(+) signal decays are reconstructed, with average decay time resolutions of 44 fs and 36 fs, respectively. An oscillation signal with a statistical significance of 4.6 sigma is observed. The measured oscillation frequency is Delta m(s) = 17.63 +/- 0.11 (stat) +/-0.02 (syst)ps(-1) (C) 2012 CERN. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2012-01-01	Physics Letters B
10.1088/0964-1726/23/3/035022	Impact properties of shear thickening fluid impregnated foams	Concentrated colloidal suspensions of silica particles in polyethylene glycol exhibit a shear thickening behavior: above a critical shear rate in a confined environment, they show a steep increase of viscosity. This reversible transition from a low to a high viscosity state is associated with a large energy absorption that could be harnessed for impact protection. As these suspensions are liquid at rest, however, shear thickening fluids (STFs) are difficult to use in practical applications. Furthermore, their specific rheological properties exist within a narrow range of concentration, so they tend to disappear when the material is in contact with air and humidity. In this work, a soft foam scaffold was impregnated with STF to provide a three-dimensional shape to the assembly at rest, while a silicone was cast around it to serve as a physical barrier to the external environment. A method to quickly impregnate the foam was proposed. Impact tests were carried out on the STF/foam/silicone composite pads using a free fall impact tower. Compared to rubber or pure silicone, larger energy absorptions, up to 85%, were observed, which could be repeated for multiple impacts. The transmitted shock waves were also reduced, showing the potential of this system for impact protection of structures.	2014-01-01	Smart Materials And Structures
10.5169/seals-904224	Simulation on a personal computer of the weekly operation of a hydroelectric complex	The authors describe a mathematical tool to help in the exploitation of a hydroelectric complex operated in partnership. The aim is the simulation of the exploitation of a hydroelectric system week by week, so as to optimise system operation, the model developed uses new optimisation technique based on the network flow method. The computer program gives the operation plan of the hydro stations hour by hour as well as the volume changes of the various reservoirs	1986-01-01	Bulletin de l'Association Suisse des Electriciens (Organe Commun de l'Association Suisse des Electriciens (ASE) et de l'Union des Centrales Suisses d'Electricite (UCS))
10.1016/j.commatsci.2010.05.039	A computational tool for the life prediction of GFRP laminates under irregular complex stress states: influence of the fatigue failure criterion	A new computational tool for the fatigue life prediction of composite materials, designated CCfatigue, is presented in this paper. This new software has been developed based on a well-established phenomenological fatigue life prediction methodology. It is capable of performing the calculations necessary to estimate the fatigue life of composite materials under complex cyclic stress states of variable amplitude. Although the software allows the benchmarking of several modules encountered in a complete fatigue life prediction methodology, this paper focuses on the presentation of the software framework and the demonstration of its applicability through the evaluation of the effect of the failure criterion on the fatigue life prediction of the examined materials. Different methods were chosen, programmed and added to the CCfatigue library in order to cover most of the existing concepts regarding the problem of multiaxial fatigue modeling and prediction. The theoretical results produced by the developed software, when compared to available experimental data, proved that there is a prominent effect of the selected fatigue failure module on the estimated lifetime of composite materials loaded under irregular loading patterns. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2010-01-01	Computational Materials Science
10.2533/chimia.2000.552	Evolution versus design: template-directed self-assembly of peptides to artificial proteins (TASP)	A review with twenty-nine refs. on the authors' current research. Protein design and mimicry combines elements of synthetic org. chem. with structural and functional aspects of biol. relevance in a unique way. Due to progress in this interdisciplinary research field, access to mols. featuring some essential properties of native proteins appears to be within reach, enabling the complex mechanisms in mol. recognition processes to be deciphered. Since its introduction by the authors, the template approach in protein de novo design (Template Assembled Synthetic Proteins, TASP) has experienced a broad conceptual diversification. Starting from today's state-of-the-art in protein design, we present here some ongoing work in the Lausanne labs. focusing on the use of regioselectively addressable templates and TASP scaffolds for addressing fundamental questions in peptide assembly, protein folding and mimicry. It is shown that the developed concepts can ideally reconcile evolutionary and rational design principles for creating mols. of biol. and therapeutic interest. [on SciFinder (R)]	2000-01-01	Chimia
10.1002/adfm.201804355	Highly Active Nanoperovskite Catalysts for Oxygen Evolution Reaction: Insights into Activity and Stability of Ba0.5Sr0.5Co0.8Fe0.2O2+delta and PrBaCo2O5+delta	It is shown that producing PrBaCo2O5+delta and Ba0.5Sr0.5Co0.8Fe0.2O2+delta nanoparticle by a scalable synthesis method leads to high mass activities for the oxygen evolution reaction (OER) with outstanding improvements by 10x and 50x, respectively, compared to those prepared via the state-of-the-art synthesis method. Here, detailed comparisons at both laboratory and industrial scales show that Ba0.5Sr0.5Co0.8Fe0.2O2+delta appears to be the most active and stable perovskite catalyst under alkaline conditions, while PrBaCo2O5+delta reveals thermodynamic instability described by the density-functional theory based Pourbaix diagrams highlighting cation dissolution under OER conditions. Operando X-ray absorption spectroscopy is used in parallel to monitor electronic and structural changes of the catalysts during OER. The exceptional BSCF functional stability can be correlated to its thermodynamic meta-stability under OER conditions as highlighted by Pourbaix diagram analysis. BSCF is able to dynamically self-reconstruct its surface, leading to formation of Co-based oxy(hydroxide) layers while retaining its structural stability. Differently, PBCO demonstrates a high initial OER activity while it undergoes a degradation process considering its thermodynamic instability under OER conditions as anticipated by its Pourbaix diagram. Overall, this work demonstrates a synergetic approach of using both experimental and theoretical studies to understand the behavior of perovskite catalysts.	2018-11-07	Advanced Functional Materials
10.1049/iet-bmt.2014.0037	Impact of Eye Detection Error on Face Recognition Performance	The location of the eyes is the most commonly used features to perform face normalization (i.e., alignment of facial features), which is an essential preprocessing stage of many face recognition systems. In this paper, we study the sensitivity of open source implementations of five face recognition algorithms to misalignment caused by eye localization errors. We investigate the ambiguity in location f the eyes by comparing the difference between two independent manual eye annotations. We also study the error characteristics of automatic eye detectors present in two commercial face recognition systems. Furthermore, we explore the impact of using different eye detectors for training/enrollment and query phases of a face recognition system. These experiments provide an insight into the influence of eye localization errors on the performance of face recognition systems.	2015-01-01	IET Biometrics
10.1002/marc.200800744	Nonfouling Polypeptide Brushes via Surface-initiated Polymerization of N-epsilon-oligo(ethylene glycol)succinate-L-lysine N-carboxyanhydride	This contribution describes the preparation of nonfouling polypeptide brushes via surface-initiated ring-opening polymerization of oligo(ethylene glycol) modified L-lysine N-carboxyanhydrides. Circular dichroism experiments indicated that these surface-anchored polypeptide chains assume an a-helical conformation, which does not change between pH 4 and 9. Furthermore, nonspecific adsorption of fluorescent labeled bovine serum albumin and fibrinogen on glass slides modified with these brushes was greatly reduced compared to unmodified glass substrates.	2009-01-01	Macromolecular Rapid Communications
10.1038/s41586-018-0578-0	Multi-axial self-organization properties of mouse embryonic stem cells into gastruloids	The emergence of multiple axes is an essential element in the establishment of the mammalian body plan. This process takes place shortly after implantation of the embryo within the uterus and relies on the activity of gene regulatory networks that coordinate transcription in space and time. Whereas genetic approaches have revealed important aspects of these processes(1), a mechanistic understanding is hampered by the poor experimental accessibility of early post-implantation stages. Here we show that small aggregates of mouse embryonic stem cells (ESCs), when stimulated to undergo gastrulation-like events and elongation in vitro, can organize a post-occipital pattern of neural, mesodermal and endodermal derivatives that mimic embryonic spatial and temporal gene expression. The establishment of the three major body axes in these 'gastruloids'(2,3) suggests that the mechanisms involved are interdependent. Specifically, gastruloids display the hallmarks of axial gene regulatory systems as exemplified by the implementation of collinear Hox transcriptional patterns along an extending anteroposterior axis. These results reveal an unanticipated self-organizing capacity of aggregated ESCs and suggest that gastruloids could be used as a complementary system to study early developmental events in the mammalian embryo.	2018-10-11	Nature
10.1002/anie.201811630	Highly Selective Oxidation and Depolymerization of α,γ-Diol Protected Lignin	Lignin oxidation offers a potential sustainable pathway to oxygenated aromatic molecules. However, current methods that use real lignin tend to have low selectivity and a yield that is limited by lignin degradation during its extraction. We developed stoichiometric and catalytic oxidation methods using 2,3‐dichloro‐5,6‐dicyano‐1,4‐benzoquinone (DDQ) as oxidant/catalyst to selectively deprotect the acetal and oxidize the α‐OH into a ketone. The oxidized lignin was then depolymerized using a formic acid/sodium formate system to produce aromatic monomers with a 36 mol % (in the case of stoichiometric oxidation) and 31 mol % (in the case of catalytic oxidation) yield (based on the original Klason lignin). The selectivity to a single product reached 80 % (syringyl propane dione, and 10–13 % to guaiacyl propane dione). These high yields of monomers and unprecedented selectivity are attributed to the preservation of the lignin structure by the acetal.	2019-01-01	Angewandte Chemie International Edition
10.3847/1538-3881/ac882b	Overview of the Instrumentation for the Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument	The Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument (DESI) embarked on an ambitious 5 yr survey in 2021 May to explore the nature of dark energy with spectroscopic measurements of 40 million galaxies and quasars. DESI will determine precise redshifts and employ the baryon acoustic oscillation method to measure distances from the nearby universe to beyond redshift z > 3.5, and employ redshift space distortions to measure the growth of structure and probe potential modifications to general relativity. We describe the significant instrumentation we developed to conduct the DESI survey. This includes: a wide-field, 3.degrees 2 diameter prime-focus corrector; a focal plane system with 5020 fiber positioners on the 0.812 m diameter, aspheric focal surface; 10 continuous, high-efficiency fiber cable bundles that connect the focal plane to the spectrographs; and 10 identical spectrographs. Each spectrograph employs a pair of dichroics to split the light into three channels that together record the light from 360-980 nm with a spectral resolution that ranges from 2000-5000. We describe the science requirements, their connection to the technical requirements, the management of the project, and interfaces between subsystems. DESI was installed at the 4 m Mayall Telescope at Kitt Peak National Observatory and has achieved all of its performance goals. Some performance highlights include an rms positioner accuracy of better than 0.'' 1 and a median signal-to-noise ratio of 7 of the [O ii] doublet at 8 x 10(-17) erg s(-1) cm(-2) in 1000 s for galaxies at z = 1.4-1.6. We conclude with additional highlights from the on-sky validation and commissioning, key successes, and lessons learned.	2022-11-01	Astronomical Journal
10.1088/0953-8984/24/42/424209	Structural evolution of amino acid crystals under stress from a non-empirical density functional	Use of the non-local correlation functional vdW-DF (from 'van der Waals density functional'; Dion M et al 2004 Phys. Rev. Lett. 92 246401) has become a popular approach for including van der Waals interactions within density functional theory. In this work, we extend the vdW-DF theory and derive the corresponding stress tensor in a fashion similar to the LDA and GGA approach, which allows for a straightforward implementation in any electronic structure code. We then apply our methodology to investigate the structural evolution of amino acid crystals of glycine and L-alanine under pressure up to 10 GPa-with and without van der Waals interactions-and find that for an accurate description of intermolecular interactions and phase transitions in these systems, the inclusion of van der Waals interactions is crucial. For glycine, calculations including the vdW-DF (vdW-DF-c09x) functional are found to systematically overestimate (underestimate) the crystal lattice parameters, yet the stability ordering of the different polymorphs is determined accurately, at variance with the GGA case. In the case of L-alanine, our vdW-DF results agree with recent experiments that question the phase transition reported for this crystal at 2.3 GPa, as the a and c cell parameters happen to become equal but no phase transition is observed.	2012-01-01	Journal Of Physics-Condensed Matter
10.1088/0953-2048/20/4/007	Finite-element modelling of YBCO fault current limiter with temperature dependent parameters	In this paper we present a numerical model in which both the thermal and the electromagnetic aspects of the over-critical current regime of HTS materials are taken into account. The electromagnetic and thermal equations have been implemented in finite element method (FEM) software in order to obtain a novel, closer to reality model for investigating the behaviour of the materials when the current exceeds Ic. A thermal dependence of the electrical parameters, like the critical current density Jc, has been introduced. This model has been used to analyse the behaviour of strip lines of a YBCO/Au fault current limiter (FCL) on a sapphire substrate. Simulations with currents largely exceeding Ic have been performed, showing that the current limitation phase can be correctly reproduced. Such modelling can be used to study the influence of the geometry on the performance of the FCL. It is designed to replace experiments with currents far exceeding Ic which may damage or destroy HTS samples or devices.	2007-01-01	Superconductor Science and Technology
10.1016/S0013-4686(97)85475-8	Theoretical model for the anodic oxidation of organics on metal oxide electrodes	A theor. model describing the electrochem. oxidn. of orgs. at oxide electrodes (MOx) forming the higher oxide (Mox+1) is described. In this model, both orgs. and O2 evolution are mediated by the higher oxide (MOx+1) which is electrogenerated at the anode surface. The effect of concn. polarization in the electrolyte is also included in the theor. model. [on SciFinder (R)]	1997-01-01	Electrochimica Acta
10.1016/j.molliq.2021.116917	Coupling electrocoagulation and solar photocatalysis for electro- and photo-catalytic removal of carmoisine by Ag/graphitic carbon nitride: Optimization by process modeling and kinetic studies	Graphitic carbon nitride, g-C3N4, have been receiving intense attention the last decades due to its unique physicochemical properties, and even more importantly, due to the visible light driven photoreactivity. Hence, the design and synthesis of novel photocatalysts based on g-C3N4 is a prosperous approach towards water and wastewater treatment, especially against pollutants of organic nature. Among the various water treatment techniques, electrocoagulation (EC) has the advantages of economical and operational benefits, while photocatalytic approaches, and particularly the solar light driven ones, are assumed as the future towards sustainable design of modern industrialization. Herein, we present a process intensification aspect for environmental remediation applications by coupling EC and photocatalysis processes for the removal of the azo dye carmoisine. The iron-iron electrodes showed a superior removal efficiency of 37% compared to aluminum-aluminum electrodes (23%) for a initial high dye concentration. Regarding the photocatalytic degradation of carmoisine, g-C3N4 doped with 2% Ag showed a higher dye removal efficiency (31%) related to 5% Ag doping (21%). Two quadratic models for dye removal were developed by carrying the experiments according to full factorial design and Box-Behnken design (BBD) for EC and photocatalysis processes, respectively. The models revealed that the electrical potential in EC and irradiation time in photocatalysis are the main variables which affect the process efficiency. The highest dye removal efficiency of 77% in EC was achieved when pH, electric potential, and time were set to 5, 15 V, and 60 min, respectively. Moreover, the optimal conditions for a 90% photocatalytic dye removal was 7.96, 0.59 g/L, 119.8 min, and 62.5 mg/L for pH, Ag(2%)/g-C3N4 dose, solar irradiation time, and initial carmoisine concentration, respectively. The removal efficiency did not change after 3 cycles indicating a physicochemical stability of the photocatalyst. The experimental data were well described well by first and pseudo-first order of kinetic models. Coupling EC and solar-driven photocatalysis showed to be a promising efficient dye removal approach, bearing in mind the need for economic and environmental-friendly method for environmental remediation applications. (C) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2021-10-15	Journal Of Molecular Liquids
10.1016/j.tsf.2008.10.074	Electro-Fragmentation Analysis of Dielectric Thin Films on Flexible Polymer Substrates	A novel electro-fragmentation method was developed as a fast alternative to the time consuming fragmentation test carried out in situ in a microscope, to investigate the failure of dielectric inorganic coatings on polymer substrates. An ultrathin conductive layer was used to probe the onset of tensile failure in the dielectric coating through changes of its electrical resistance. A careful selection of the conductive layer has been carried out to avoid artifacts resulting for instance from a change of the cohesive properties (e.g. internal stress state) of the investigated structures. Au layers were found to be too ductile, contrary to Al-Ti layers that were too brittle, which invalidated the use of both materials to probe the failure of the dielectric coatings. In contrast, for structures on high-temperature polymer substrates, a 10 nm thick amorphous graphite (a-G) layer was found to accurately reproduce the cracking of the coating. The Young’s modulus and coefficient of thermal expansion of the a-G layer are low enough not to impact the internal strain, hence the crack onset strain of the dielectric coating. The a-G layer is also sufficiently brittle, and its cohesive failure and resulting increase of electrical resistance is triggered by the failure of the dielectric coating. The a-G electrofragmentation method is presently limited to polymers substrates with a glass-transition temperature higher than 100 °C.	2009-01-01	Thin Solid Films
10.1103/PhysRevB.84.125206	Band-edge problem in the theoretical determination of defect energy levels: The O vacancy in ZnO as a benchmark case	Calculations of formation energies and charge transition levels of defects routinely rely on density functional theory (DFT) for describing the electronic structure. Since bulk band gaps of semiconductors and insulators are not well described in semilocal approximations to DFT, band-gap correction schemes or advanced theoretical models, which properly describe band gaps, need to be employed. However, it has become apparent that different methods that reproduce the experimental band gap can yield substantially different results regarding charge transition levels of point defects. We investigate this problem in the case of the (+2/0) charge transition level of the O vacancy in ZnO, which has attracted considerable attention as a benchmark case. For this purpose, we first perform calculations based on nonscreened hybrid density functionals, and then compare our results with those of other methods. While our results agree very well with those obtained with screened hybrid functionals, they are strikingly different compared to those obtained with other band-gap-corrected schemes. Nevertheless, we show that all the different methods agree well with each other and with our calculations when a suitable alignment procedure is adopted. The proposed procedure consists in aligning the electron band structure through an external potential, such as the vacuum level. When the electron densities are well reproduced, this procedure is equivalent to an alignment through the average electrostatic potential in a calculation subject to periodic boundary conditions. We stress that, in order to give accurate defect levels, a theoretical scheme is required to yield not only band gaps in agreement with experiment, but also band edges correctly positioned with respect to such a reference potential.	2011-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1021/acsestengg.1c00138	Permanganate Reduction by Hydrogen Peroxide: Formation of Reactive Manganese Species and Superoxide and Enhanced Micropollutant Abatement	Permanganate (MnO4-, Mn(VII)) is widely applied at the initial stage of water treatment to, e.g., abate taste and odor compounds, Mn(II) and Fe(II). However, its selectivity limits its application for micropollutant abatement. Hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), which is commonly applied in advanced oxidation processes, was found to quickly react with Mn(VII) in the pH-range 6.0-8.5. A lag-phase was followed by a rapid reduction of Mn(VII) to Mn(VI), with a proposed catalysis by the deprotonated form of Mn(VI), for the electron transfer of the [H2O2-OMnO3](-) complex. At molar [H2O2](0):[Mn(VII)](0) ratios <= 1 and pH 7.5, a one-electron reduction of Mn(VII) by H2O2 potentially formed Mn(VI) and superoxide radical (O-2(center dot-)), with O(2)(center dot- )yields approaching 100% based on the consumed Mn(VII). Mn(VII)-H2O2 significantly enhanced the abatement of the Mn(VII)-resistant compound ciprofloxacin and its transformation products, and quenching of Mn(VI) by Ba-2(+) completely inhibited this enhancement effect. At molar [H2O2](0):[Mn(VII)](0) ratios of 2-10, O-2(center dot-) yields of 145-245% indicate that other H2O2-reactive manganese species might also be formed. Among them, Mn(II) was found to produce O-2(center dot-) by reaction with H2O2 at a relatively low rate with overstoichiometric yields. Overall, this study provides evidence that a combination of Mn(VII) with H2O2 might be a novel option for enhanced micropollutant abatement in water treatment.	2021-10-08	Acs Es&T Engineering
10.1111/dgd.12242	Timing by rhythms: Daily clocks and developmental rulers	Biological rhythms are widespread, allowing organisms to temporally organize their behavior and metabolism in advantageous ways. Such proper timing of molecular and cellular events is critical to their development and health. This is best understood in the case of the circadian clock that orchestrates the daily sleep/wake cycle of organisms. Temporal rhythms can also be used for spatial organization, if information from an oscillating system can be recorded within the tissue in a manner that leaves a permanent periodic pattern. One example of this is the "segmentation clock" used by the vertebrate embryo to rhythmically and sequentially subdivide its elongating body axis. The segmentation clock moves with the elongation of the embryo, such that its period sets the segment length as the tissue grows outward. Although the study of this system is still relatively young compared to the circadian clock, outlines of molecular, cellular, and tissue-level regulatory mechanisms of timing have emerged. The question remains, however, is it truly a clock? Here we seek to introduce the segmentation clock to a wider audience of chronobiologists, focusing on the role and control of timing in the system. We compare and contrast the segmentation clock with the circadian clock, and propose that the segmentation clock is actually an oscillatory ruler, with a primary function to measure embryonic space. We compare and contrast two biological "clocks". The circadian clock is used by organisms to regulate their behaviour in time with the 24 hour daily planetary cycle, whereas the segmentation clock appears to be an oscillatory ruler that is used briefly during development to subdivide the body axis into morphological segments. © 2016 Japanese Society of Developmental Biologists.	2016-01-01	Development Growth and Differentiation
10.1007/s11661-008-9772-2	Two-Phase Modeling of Hot Tearing in Aluminum Alloys: Applications of a Semicoupled Method	Hot tearing formation in both a classical tensile test and during direct chill (DC) casting of aluminum alloys has been modeled using a semicoupled, two-phase approach. Following a thermal calculation, the deformation of the mushy solid is computed using a compressive rheological model that neglects the pressure of the intergranular liquid. The nonzero expansion/compression of the solid and the solidification shrinkage are then introduced as source terms for the calculation of the pressure drop and pore formation in the liquid phase. A comparison between the simulation results and experimental data permits a detailed understanding of the specific conditions under which hot tears form under given conditions. It is shown that the failure modes can be quite different for these two experiments and that, as a consequence, the appropriate hot tearing criterion may differ. It is foreseen that a fully predictive theoretical tool could be obtained by coupling such a model with a granular approach. These two techniques do, indeed, permit coverage of the range of the length scales and the physical phenomena involved in hot tearing.	2009-01-01	Metallurgical And Materials Transactions A-Physical Metallurgy And Materials Science
10.1112/topo.12151	Property FW, differentiable structures and smoothability of singular actions	We provide a smoothening criterion for group actions on manifolds by singular diffeomorphisms. We prove that if a countable group Gamma has the fixed point property FW for walls (for example, if it has property(T)), every aperiodic action of Gamma by diffeomorphisms that are of classCrwith countably many singularities is conjugate to an action by true diffeomorphisms of classCron a homeomorphic (possibly non-diffeomorphic) manifold. As applications, we show that Navas's result for actions of Kazhdan groups on the circle, as well as the recent solutions to Zimmer's conjecture, generalise to aperiodic actions by diffeomorphisms with countably many singularities.	2020-09-01	Journal Of Topology
10.1039/c4dt03920c	Exclusion of metal oxide by an RF sputtered Ti layer in flexible perovskite solar cells: energetic interface between a Ti layer and an organic charge transporting layer	In this work, the effects of a titanium (Ti) layer on the charge transport and recombination rates of flexible perovskite solar cells were studied. Ti as an efficient barrier layer was deposited directly on PET-ITO flexible substrates through RF magnetic sputtering using a Ti-source and a pressure of similar to 5 mTorr. A Ti coated PET-ITO was used for the fabrication of a flexible perovskite solar cell without using any metal oxide layer. The fabricated flexible perovskite solar cell was composed of a PET-ITO/Ti/perovskite (CH3NH3PbI3)/organic hole transport layer of 2,2',7,7'-tetrakis [N, N'-di-p-methoxyphenylamine]-9,9'-spirobifluorene (spiro-OMeTAD)-Li-TFSI/Ag. A high conversion efficiency of similar to 8.39% along with a high short circuit current (J(SC)) of similar to 15.24 mA cm(-2), an open circuit voltage (V-OC) of similar to 0.830 V and a high fill factor (FF) of similar to 0.66 was accomplished by the fabricated flexible perovskite solar cell under a light illumination of similar to 100 mW cm(-2) (1.5 AM). Intensity-modulated photocurrent (IMPS)/photovoltage spectroscopy (IMVS) studies demonstrated that the fabricated flexible perovskite solar cell considerably reduced the recombination rate.	2015-01-01	Dalton Transactions
10.1016/j.jorganchem.2010.01.020	Anticancer activity of new organo-ruthenium, rhodium and iridium complexes containing the 2-(pyridine-2-yl)thiazole N,N-chelating ligand	The dinuclear dichloro complexes [(η6-arene)2Ru2(μ-Cl)2Cl2] and [(η5-C5Me5)2M2(μ-Cl)2Cl2] react with 2-(pyridine-2-yl)thiazole (pyTz) to afford the cationic complexes [(η6-arene)Ru(pyTz)Cl]+ (arene = C6H6 (1), p-iPrC6H4Me (2) or C6Me6 (3)) and [(η5-C5Me5)M(pyTz)Cl]+ (M = Rh (4) or Ir (5)), isolated as the chloride salts. The reaction of 2 and 3 with SnCl2 leads to the dinuclear heterometallic trichlorostannyl derivs. [(η6-p-iPrC6H4Me)Ru(pyTz)(SnCl3)]+ (6) and [(η6-C6Me6)Ru(pyTz)(SnCl3)]+ (7), resp., also isolated as the chloride salts. The mol. structures of 4, 5 and 7 have been established by single-crystal X-ray structure analyses of the corresponding hexafluorophosphate salts. The in vitro anticancer activities of the metal complexes on human ovarian cancer cell lines A2780 and A2780cisR (cisplatin-resistant), as well as their interactions with plasmid DNA and the model protein ubiquitin, have been investigated.	2010-01-01	Journal of Organometallic Chemistry
10.1016/j.mejo.2010.06.005	Optimization of the wire grid size for differential routing: Analysis and impact on the power-delay-area tradeoff	In this paper, the impact of the wire grid size on the power-delay-area trade off of VLSI digital circuits with differential routing is analyzed. To this aim, the differential MOS current-mode logic (MCML) is adopted as reference logic style, and a complete differential design flow is used. Analysis shows that the choice of the grid size in differential routing has a much stronger impact on the power-delay-area tradeoff, compared to the usual single-ended case. Hence, the grid size is an important knob that must be carefully selected when differential routing is adopted. The dependence of power, delay and area on the grid size is discussed indetail through simple models, and introducing appropriate metrics. To validate the analysis and show basic dependencies impractical circuits, 30 benchmark circuits with an in-house designed MCML cell library were synthesized and routed in 0.18 mm CMOS technology. Results show thatnon-optimal choice of the grid size can determine a dramatic increase in power (1.7x) and area (1.3x). Interestingly, the grid size that optimizes the power-delay-area tradeoff is almost independent of the specific circuit under design; hence a generally optimum grid size exists that optimizes a very wide range of different circuits.	2010-01-01	Microelectronics Journal
10.1016/j.mee.2017.10.007	Microfluidic-assisted chromogenic in situ hybridization (MA-CISH) for fast and accurate breast cancer diagnosis	Chromogenic in situ hybridization (CISH) is a common technique that is used for human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) assessment in breast cancer diagnosis. CISH is based on the enzymatic amplification of DNA markers, generating a colorimetric image that can be visualized by a bright-field microscope and does not require a fluorescence detection setup. However, CISH is still characterized by a laborious and lengthy staining process, and is expensive due to the cost of the DNA probe solution. In this paper, we present a new technique named microfluidic-assisted chromogenic in situ hybridization (MA-CISH) in which hydrodynamic flow patterns in a microfluidic chip are used to improve hybridization efficiency between probe and target, thereby reducing the hybridization time and the consumption of probe solution. We optimized the MA-CISH protocol with a fractional factorial design of experiments using a SKBR3 breast cancer cell line. Optimized MA-CISH exploits discontinuous flow of DNA probe solution, enabling the reduction of the hybridization time from overnight down to 2 h and requiring 70% less probe solution, while achieving a better signal quality than the standard CISH technique. Optimized MA-CISH was successfully tested for several breast cancer tissue samples, showing a good correlation with standard CISH results as evaluated on adjacent slides. Finally, an automatic scoring software was developed to facilitate CISH signal evaluation, and showed good agreement with the traditional counting protocol.	2017-01-01	Microelectronic Engineering
10.1016/j.jphotochem.2015.01.013	Benefits and limitations of using Fe(III)-EDDS for the treatment of highly contaminated water at near-neutral pH	This study evaluates the use of the Fe(III)-EDDS complexing agent as an alternative to conventional acidic pH photo-Fenton for the treatment of the pesticide imidacloprid in natural water. The main objective is to estimate whether Fe(III)-EDDS is a viable alternative when treating waters containing high concentrations of contaminants. To this end, the mode of action of Fe(III)-EDDS is examined in the presence of carbonates, at different aeration conditions and at different temperatures. The role of HO2 center dot/O-2(center dot-) radical species and some aspects of the Fe(III)-EDDS complexation mechanism are discussed. Degradation kinetics and toxicities of generated intermediates are compared between Fe(III)-EDDS and conventional photo-Fenton treatment. An overview of the benefits and limitations of the process is presented. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2015-01-01	Journal Of Photochemistry And Photobiology A-Chemistry
10.1016/j.jaerosci.2015.10.007	Measuring air borne nanoparticles for characterizing hyphenated RDD-SMPS-ICPMS instrumentation	Scanning Mobility Particle Sizer (SMPS) and Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass Spectrometry (ICPMS), complemented by a Rotating Disk Diluter (RDD) to a hyphenated RDD-SMPS-ICPMS measuring setup, allow online and simultaneous determination of size distribution and elemental composition of gas borne nanoparticles. This coupling strategy offers high flexibility in terms of dealing with different aerosols, loaded with metallic nanoparticles. The capabilities of such an instrument are demonstrated on uniformly composited metal aerosols, as well as an aerosol mixture containing smaller gold and larger silver nanoparticles. The size resolved ICPMS intensity curves correlate very well to the size distributions, determined by the coupled SMPS, and also to those from a non-modified reference SMPS instrument. Particulate iron, gold, and silver are detected with SMPS scan durations of a few minutes, and nanoparticles of different sizes and compositions are successfully distinguished. Sensitivity and limit of detection, related to particle number and mass concentration, are determined for several elements and particle diameters. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2016-01-01	Journal of Aerosol Science
10.1088/0026-1394/50/3/235	Design of the new METAS watt balance experiment Mark II	The kilogram is the last unit of the international system of units (SI) still based on a material artefact, the international prototype of the kilogram (IPK). The comparisons made in the last hundred years have clearly revealed a long-term relative drift between the IPK and the official copies kept under similar conditions at the Bureau International des Poids et Mesures. A promising route towards a new definition of the kilogram based on a fundamental constant is represented by the watt balance experiment which links the mass unit to the Planck constant h. For more than ten years, the Federal Institute of Metrology METAS has been actively working in the conception and development of a watt balance experiment. This paper describes the new design of the Mark II METAS watt balance. The metrological characteristics of the different components of the experiment are described and discussed.	2013-01-01	Metrologia
10.1364/OE.488177	Challenges and prospects for multi-chip microlens imprints on front-side illuminated SPAD imagers	The overall sensitivity of frontside-illuminated, silicon single-photon avalanche diode (SPAD) arrays has often suffered from fill factor limitations. The fill factor loss can however be recovered by employing microlenses, whereby the challenges specific to SPAD arrays are represented by large pixel pitch (> 10 pm), low native fill factor (as low as similar to 10%), and large size (up to 10 mm). In this work we report on the implementation of refractive microlenses by means of photoresist masters, used to fabricate molds for imprints of UV curable hybrid polymers deposited on SPAD arrays. Replications were successfully carried out for the first time, to the best of our knowledge, at wafer reticle level on different designs in the same technology and on single large SPAD arrays with very thin residual layers (similar to 10 pm), as needed for better efficiency at higher numerical aperture (NA > 0.25). In general, concentration factors within 15-20% of the simulation results were obtained for the smaller arrays (32x32 and 512x1), achieving for example an effective fill factor of 75.6-83.2% for a 28.5 pm pixel pitch with a native fill factor of 28%. A concentration factor up to 4.2 was measured on large 512x512 arrays with a pixel pitch of 16.38 pm and a native fill factor of 10.5%, whereas improved simulation tools could give a better estimate of the actual concentration factor. Spectral measurements were also carried out, resulting in good and uniform transmission in the visible and NIR. (c) 2023 Optica Publishing Group under the terms of the Optica Open Access Publishing Agreement	2023-06-19	Optics Express
10.1002/solr.202200422	Overcome Low Intrinsic Conductivity of NiOx Through Triazinyl Modification for Highly Efficient and Stable Inverted Perovskite Solar Cells	Nickel oxide (NiOx) is a promising hole transport material in inverted organic-inorganic metal halide perovskite solar cells. However, its low intrinsic conductivity hinders its further improvement in device performance. Here, we employ a trimercapto-s-triazine trisodium salt (TTTS) as a chelating agent of Ni2+ in the NiOx layer to improve its conductivity. Due to the electron-deficient triazine ring, the TTTS complexes with Ni2+ in NiOx via a strong Ni2+-N coordination bond and increases the ratio of Ni3+:Ni2+. The increased Ni3+ concentration adjusts the band structure of NiOx, thus enhancing hole density and mobility, eventually improving the intrinsic conductivity of NiOx. As a result, the device with TTTS modification displays a champion power conversion efficiency (PCE) of 22.81%. The encapsulated device based on a modified-NiOx layer maintains 94% of its initial power output at the maximum power point and continuous one-sun illumination for 1000 h at 45 degrees C. In addition, the unencapsulated target devices also maintain 92% at 60 +/- 5% relative humidity and 25 degrees C in the air for 5000 h; and 91% at 85 degrees C in a nitrogen atmosphere for 1000 h. The research provides an effective strategy to enhance PCE and stability of inverted PSCs via modifying NiOx films with triazine molecule.	2022-07-23	Solar Rrl
10.1103/PhysRevB.85.224302	Comparing the oscillation phase in optical pump-probe spectra to ultrafast x-ray diffraction in the metal-dielectric SrRuO3/SrTiO3 superlattice	We measured the ultrafast optical response of metal-dielectric superlattices by broadband all-optical pump-probe spectroscopy. The observed phase of the superlattice mode depends on the probe wavelength, making assignments of the excitation mechanism difficult. Ultrafast x-ray diffraction data reveal the true oscillation phase of the lattice which changes as a function of the excitation fluence. This result is confirmed by the fluence dependence of optical transients. We set up a linear chain model of the lattice dynamics and successfully simulated the broadband optical reflection by unit-cell resolved calculation of the strain-dependent dielectric functions of the constituting materials.	2012-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1116/1.589132	Pt:SnO2 thin films for gas sensor characterized by atomic force microscopy and x-ray photoemission spectromicroscopy	SnO2 thin films have been grown by radio frequency reactive sputtering method in order to be used as a gas sensor. Subsequently Pt has been added to the SnO2 films to increase the sensitivity to carbon monoxide gas. Two different substrates have been used: rough and mechanically polished alumina. The morphology of the film has been characterized by atomic force microscopy, whereas the chemical composition was analyzed by x-ray photoemission spectromicroscopy. Pt:SnO2 clusters with widths of 500-600 nm were observed on the rough alumina, whereas on the mechanically polished alumina, the Pt:SnO2 film was smoother. X-ray photoemission spectromicroscopy measurements show for Pt:SnO2 films on rough alumina substrates different charging in different areas of the sample. The response curve to carbon monoxide is 30% higher for rough alumina. (C) 1996 American Vacuum Society.	1996-01-01	Journal of Vacuum Science & Technology B
10.1523/Jneurosci.4579-12.2013	Decorrelating Action of Inhibition in Neocortical Networks	Inhibitory GABAergic interneurons have been extensively studied but their contribution to circuit dynamics remain poorly understood. Although it has been suggested that interneurons, especially those belonging to the same subclass, synchronize their activity and impart this synchrony onto their local network, recent theoretical and experimental work have challenged this view. To better understand the activity of interneurons during cortical activity, we combined molecular identification, two-photon imaging, and electrophysiological recordings in thalamocortical slices from mouse somatosensory cortex. Using calcium imaging to monitor cortical activity, we found low spiking correlations among parvalbumin or somatostatin interneurons during cortical UP states, indicating that interneurons do not synchronize their firing. Intracellular recordings confirmed that nearby interneurons do not display more synchronous spiking than excitatory cells. The lack of interneuron synchrony was also evident during slow oscillations, even among interneurons that were electrically coupled via gap junctions, suggesting that their coupling does not function to synchronize their activity. Using voltage-clamp recordings from nearby pyramidal cells, we found that inhibitory currents (IPSCs) are more correlated than excitatory ones, but that correlated IPSCs arise from the activation of common presynaptic inhibitory cells, rather than from synchronization of interneuron activity. Finally, we demonstrate that pharmacologically reducing inhibitory currents increases correlated excitatory activity. We conclude that inhibitory interneurons do not have synchronous activity during UP states, and that their function may be to decorrelate rather than to synchronize the firing of neurons within the local network.	2013-01-01	Journal Of Neuroscience
10.1051/0004-6361/202347287	Gaia Focused Product Release: Radial velocity time series of long-period variables	Context. The third Gaia Data Release (DR3) provided photometric time series of more than 2 million long-period variable (LPV) candidates. Anticipating the publication of full radial-velocity data planned with Data Release 4, this Focused Product Release (FPR) provides radial-velocity time series for a selection of LPV candidates with high-quality observations.Aims. We describe the production and content of the Gaia catalog of LPV radial-velocity time series, and the methods used to compute the variability parameters published as part of the Gaia FPR.Methods. Starting from the DR3 catalog of LPV candidates, we applied several filters to construct a sample of sources with high-quality radial-velocity measurements. We modeled their radial-velocity and photometric time series to derive their periods and amplitudes, and further refined the sample by requiring compatibility between the radial-velocity period and at least one of the G, G(BP), or G(RP) photometric periods.Results. The catalog includes radial-velocity time series and variability parameters for 9614 sources in the magnitude range 6 less than or similar to G/mag less than or similar to 14, including a flagged top-quality subsample of 6093 stars whose radial-velocity periods are fully compatible with the values derived from the G, G(BP), and G(RP) photometric time series. The radial-velocity time series contain a mean of 24 measurements per source taken unevenly over a duration of about three years. We identify the great majority of the sources (88%) as genuine LPV candidates, with about half of them showing a pulsation period and the other half displaying a long secondary period. The remaining 12% of the catalog consists of candidate ellipsoidal binaries. Quality checks against radial velocities available in the literature show excellent agreement. We provide some illustrative examples and cautionary remarks.Conclusions. The publication of radial-velocity time series for almost ten thousand LPV candidates constitutes, by far, the largest such database available to date in the literature. The availability of simultaneous photometric measurements gives a unique added value to the Gaia catalog.	2023-12-08	Astronomy & Astrophysics
10.1007/s00422-022-00937-6	Autoencoders reloaded	In Bourlard and Kamp (Biol Cybern 59(4):291-294, 1998), it was theoretically proven that autoencoders (AE) with single hidden layer (previously called "auto-associative multilayer perceptrons") were, in the best case, implementing singular value decomposition (SVD) Golub and Reinsch (Linear algebra, Singular value decomposition and least squares solutions, pp 134-151. Springer, 1971), equivalent to principal component analysis (PCA) Hotelling (Educ Psychol 24(6/7):417-441, 1993); Jolliffe (Principal component analysis, springer series in statistics, 2nd edn. Springer, New York ). That is, AE are able to derive the eigenvalues that represent the amount of variance covered by each component even with the presence of the nonlinear function (sigmoid-like, or any other nonlinear functions) present on their hidden units. Today, with the renewed interest in "deep neural networks" (DNN), multiple types of (deep) AE are being investigated as an alternative to manifold learning Cayton (Univ California San Diego Tech Rep 12(1-17):1, 2005) for conducting nonlinear feature extraction or fusion, each with its own specific (expected) properties. Many of those AE are currently being developed as powerful, nonlinear encoder-decoder models, or used to generate reduced and discriminant feature sets that are more amenable to different modeling and classification tasks. In this paper, we start by recalling and further clarifying the main conclusions of Bourlard and Kamp (Biol Cybern 59(4):291-294, 1998), supporting them by extensive empirical evidences, which were not possible to be provided previously (in 1988), due to the dataset and processing limitations. Upon full understanding of the underlying mechanisms, we show that it remains hard (although feasible) to go beyond the state-of-the-art PCA/SVD techniques for auto-association. Finally, we present a brief overview on different autoencoder models that are mainly in use today and discuss their rationale, relations and application areas.	2022-06-21	Biological Cybernetics
10.1038/srep04462	Hydrogel microfluidics for the patterning of pluripotent stem cells	Biomolecular signaling is of utmost importance in governing many biological processes such as the patterning of the developing embryo where biomolecules regulate key cell-fate decisions. In vivo, these factors are presented in a spatiotemporally tightly controlled fashion. Although state-of-the-art microfluidic technologies allow precise biomolecule delivery in time and space, long-term (stem) cell culture at the micro-scale is often far from ideal due to medium evaporation, limited space for cell growth or shear stress. To overcome these challenges, we here introduce a concept based on hydrogel microfluidics for decoupling conventional, macro-scale cell culture from precise biomolecule delivery through a gel layer. We demonstrate the spatiotemporally controlled neuronal commitment of mouse embryonic stem cells via delivery of retinoic acid gradients. This technique should be useful for testing the effect of dose and timing of biomolecules, singly or in combination, on stem cell fate.	2014-01-01	Scientific Reports
10.1016/j.compositesa.2013.06.017	Mixed-mode fatigue failure criteria for adhesively-bonded pultruded GFRP joints	The behavior of adhesively-bonded pultruded GFRP joints under cyclic loading was experimentally investigated. Three specimen types were examined: double cantilever beam, end load split, and mixed-mode bending specimens for Mode I, Mode II, and mixed-Mode I/II loading conditions respectively. The crack length was determined during the fatigue experiments by a dynamic compliance method for DCB specimens and a video extensometer for ELS and MMB specimens. Fatigue experiments were conducted at constant displacement amplitude. A significant difference was found between the quasi-static strain energy release rates and corresponding fatigue threshold values for all the examined cases. A total fatigue life model was used to simulate the fatigue crack growth curve under each mode-mixity. The experimental results and the analytical models were used to establish fatigue mixed-mode fracture failure criteria that can be used for the prediction of the fatigue behavior of other joint configurations comprising the same adhesive and adherends. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2013-01-01	Composites Part A
10.1016/S0040-4039(01)91817-9	Die Photofragmentierung eines Phosphor-Ylids	Short-wavelength irradn. of Ph3P+C-Me2 gave C6H6 and a resinous compd. Long-wavelength irradn. of Ph3P+C-Me2 gave mainly Ph3P and Me2C:CMe2 with some Me2CHCHMe2, MeCH:CH2, and, with Me2CHCHMe2 as solvent, traces of (Me2CH)2CMe2 and Me2CHCHMeCH2CHMe2. the reaction proceeded via .CMe2.PPh3. [on SciFinder (R)]	1974-01-01	Tetrahedron Letters
10.1017/S0022377812000888	Plasma radiation for atmospheric entry at Titan: Emission spectroscopy measurements and numerical rebuilding	Emission spectroscopy measurements on a plasma representative of Titan atmosphere composition were obtained in the Inductively Coupled Plasma wind tunnel facility (VKI-Minitorch) at the von Karman Institute in Belgium. Temperatures ranged from 3600 to 5000 K, pressure was fixed at 300 mbar, and the molar composition was 1.9% CH4 and 98.1% N-2. The high-pressure plasma was produced to obtain conditions close to equilibrium. In conjunction, line-by-line calculations have been carried out to assess the reliability of two distinct sets of molecular electronic transition moments, recently released, by predicting the radiative signature of high-temperature N-2-CH4 plasma. The radiative transfer problem was solved by considering the plasma plume at local thermodynamic equilibrium conditions in an axisymmetric configuration. Comparisons between the synthetic and experimental spectra demonstrated good agreement for the CN Violet and high-wavelength CN Red bands, while some discrepancies were observed for the C-2 Swan bands and low-wavelength CN Red bands.	2013-01-01	Journal Of Plasma Physics
10.1002/celc.201300140	Oxygen Reduction at Soft Interfaces Catalyzed by In Situ-Generated Reduced Graphene Oxide	Face to face: Flakes of reduced graphene oxide, synthesized in situ at the liquid/liquid interface from a graphene-oxide precursor, are capable of catalyzing the biphasic reduction of protons to hydrogen peroxide in the presence of molecular oxygen and an organic solubilized electron donor. This offers a new perspective for the bulk production of a green oxidant through biphasic electrolysis.	2014-01-01	ChemElectroChem
10.1109/JSEN.2004.839895	CMOS pixels for subretinal implantable prothesis	This work reports on the design, fabrication, and characterization of CMOS pixels for subretinal implants, which seems to be an effective way to recover visual capabilities in some types of blindness. Two possible approaches are presented for CMOS pixel implementation: 1) an approach based on a light- controlled oscillator (LICOS) using a ring oscillator with an odd number of inverters and 2) an approach based on distributing a square signal at each pixel that filters out a number of pulses depending of the light intensity wave across the chip (WATCH). Both types of pixels fabricated in 0.35-mum CMOS demonstrate good mimic of the electrical behavior of human retina, with low- power consumption (typically 1 mW for a 14 x 14 matrix of pixels) and having small dimensions (75 x 78.5 mum(2) for LICOS and 70 x 50 mum(2) for WATCH), which make them suitable for practical implants. Experimental validation is reported on physiological solutions. Because of its characteristic, the proposed matrix of pixels could be considered as one of the first stand- alone highly integrated solutions for subretinal implant chips.	2005-01-01	IEEE SENSORS JOURNAL
10.1016/0141-0229(90)90111-3	Continuous production of lactic acid from whey permeate by Lactobacillus helveticus in two chemostats in series	The effect of diln. rate on the prodn. of lactic acid from whey permeate by L. helveticus was investigated. In the 1st chemostat of a 2-stage system, total conversion (98.1%) and max. lactic acid concn. (43.7 g/L) were obtained at a diln. rate (D1tot) of 0.06/h. Max. volumetric productivities of lactic acid (8.27 g/L-h) and biomass (1.90 g/L-h) occurred at D1tot of 0.40/h. The fraction of L-lactate in the product increased with diln. rate and reached a max. of 66% at the same diln. rate. The max. sp. growth rate (mmax) on this medium was 0.7/h. A YATP(max) value of 22.4 g dry wt./mol ATP and a maintenance coeff. of 8.0 mmol ATP/g dry wt.-h were detd. The 2nd stage, in series with the 1st, confirmed these results and also showed that the total residence time could be reduced by 50% compared with a single chemostat for the same nearly complete level of substrate conversion. [on SciFinder (R)]	1990-01-01	Enzyme and Microbial Technology
10.1063/1.4951023	Cold pulse and rotation reversals with turbulence spreading and residual stress	Transport modeling based on inclusion of turbulence spreading and residual stresses shows internal rotation reversals and polarity reversal of cold pulses, with a clear indication of nonlocal transport effects due to fast spreading in the turbulence intensity field. The effects of turbulence spreading and residual stress are calculated from the gradient of the turbulence intensity. In the model presented in this paper, the flux is carried by the turbulence intensity field, which in itself is subject to radial transport effects. The pulse polarity inversion and the rotation profile reversal positions are close to the radial location of the stable/unstable transition. Both effects have no direct explanation within the framework of classical transport modeling, where the fluxes are related directly to the linear growth rates, the turbulence intensity profile is not considered and the corresponding residual stress is absent. Our simulations are in qualitative agreement with measurements from ohmically heated plasmas. Rotation reversal at a finite radius is found in situations not displaying saturated confinement, which we identify as situations where the plasma is nearly everywhere unstable. As an additional and new effect, the model predicts a perturbation of the velocity profile following a cold pulse from the edge. This allows direct experimental confirmation of both the existence of residual stress caused by turbulence intensity profiles and fundamental ideas of transport modeling presented here. Published by AIP Publishing.	2016-01-01	Physics of Plasmas
10.1109/MEMC.2014.7023202	Overview of the European project STRUCTURES	An overview of the European project STRUCTURES and its main challenges is given. Current and foreseen Intentional Electromagnetic Interference (IEMI) threats are classified according to their availability, their technical characteristics (such as bandwidth) and their portability. Critical infrastructures are identified and their most characteristic aspects are highlighted, from an electromagnetic point of view. These concepts are used to establish a set of reference threats to be investigated and possible techniques to handle simulations and measurements in this complex environment are explored, emphasizing the use of the topological approach. © 2012 IEEE.	2014-01-01	IEEE Electromagnetic Compatibility Magazine
10.1016/j.cemconres.2017.08.001	Recycling of hydrated cement pastes by synthesis of alpha'(H)-C2S	Hardened cement paste in concrete wastes can be a valuable precursor material for the production of recycled cements. In the reported study, X-ray diffraction data of cementitious materials obtained by thermal processing of hardened pastes were quantitatively analyzed using Rietveld refinement to explain the effect of process parameters on their hydration reactivity and on the strength gain of pastes made with them. The parameters studied were annealing temperature, residence time, and cooling rate. Across the annealing temperature range explored C2S polymorphs were found to comprise the larger fraction of the resulting materials. However, their relative concentrations varied. Results indicate alpha'(H)-C2S formed at low temperature is highly reactive and remains stable on cooling due to its smaller crystallite size, whereas at higher temperatures most of it converts to the less reactive beta-C2S on cooling. Accordingly, materials obtained at lower temperatures exhibited higher heats of hydration and much higher strength gain rates.	2017-01-01	Cement And Concrete Research
10.1021/acs.organomet.5b00981	Regioselective Nitration and/or Halogenation of Iridabenzofurans through Electrophilic Substitution	Regioselective electrophilic substitution reactions of the iridabenzofurans [Ir(C7H5O{OMe-7})(CO)(PPh3)(2)]-[OTf] (1) and IrCl(C7H5O{OMe-7})(PPh3)(2) (2) provide a convenient route to mononitro-, dinitro-, and mixed nitro-/halo- substituted derivatives. Treatment of cationic 1 with copper(II) nitrate in acetic anhydride ("Menke" nitration conditions) gives the mononitrated iridabenzofuran [Ir(C7H4O{NO2-2}{OMe-7})(CO)(PPh3)(2)][O3SCF3] (3). Under the same conditions neutral 2 undergoes dinitration to form IrCl(C7H3O{NO2-2}{NO2-6}{OMe-7}) (PPh3)(2) (5). Simple substitution of the carbonyl ligand in 3 with chloride gives the neutral mononitro derivative IrCl(C7H4O{NO2-2}{OMe-7})(PPh3)(2) (4). Depending on the conditions employed, treatment of the iridabenzofurans 1 and 2 with Cu(NO3)(2) and either lithium chloride or lithium bromide in acetic anhydride gives either the mixed nitro-/halo-substituted iridabenzofurans IrCl(C7H3O{NO2-2}{Cl-6}(OMe-7})(PPh3)(2) (6) and IrCl(C7H2O{NO2-2}{NO2-4}{Cl-6}{OMe-7})(PPh3)(2) (7) or the simple halo-substituted iridabenzofurans [Ir(C7H4O-{Cl-6}{OMe-7}) (CO) (PPh3)(2)] [OTf] (8), [Ir(C7H4O{Br-6}1 OMe-7}) (CO) (PPh3)(2)] [OTf] (9), and IrBr(C7H3O{Br-2}{Br-6}{OMe-7})(PPh3)(2) (10). Bromination of 4 with pyridinium tribromide gives IrCl(C7H3O{NO2-2}{Br-6}{OMe-7})(PPh3)2 (11). The molecular structures of 3-7 and 11 have been obtained by X-ray crystallography.	2016-01-01	Organometallics
10.1061/(ASCE)0733-9372(2006)132:11(1508)	Circulation in stratified lakes due to flood-induced turbidity currents	The river inflow in a natural lake with important suspended sediment load during floods, can impact water quality by mobilizing dissolved matters like phosphorous from deep to surface waters. Generally due to thermal stratification in prealpine lakes, the water column is stable. It does not mix vertically unless acted on by outside forces, for example, currents or winds. Since Lake Lugano has a strong thermal stratification, river inflow exhibits different modes of density currents, from surface flows and thermocline intrusion to bottom currents. Turbidity currents are the direct cause of the downward water flow, and at the same time at the origin of upward directed flow. In this study, the impact of river born turbidity currents in Lake Lugano under varying ambient conditions was investigated using field measurements at the inflow river and inside the lake, together with a full three-dimensional numerical model of the entire lake. The paper characterizes the induced circulation of the turbidity plume and gives some indications on the relevance of turbidity currents on the lake.	2006-01-01	ASCE Journal of Environmental Engineering
10.1016/j.renene.2020.03.187	Computational parametric analysis of the design of cross-flow turbines under constraints	The cross-flow turbine is an attractive technology for small-scale hydropower generation thanks to its low capital cost and relatively high efficiency even under partial discharge operating conditions. It has been proposed that this kind of turbine can be manufactured from standard steel pipe sections given its simple geometry, an alternative that would further decrease the turbine's capital cost compared to highly engineered cross-flow designs. This article explores the trade-offs encountered during the design of cross-flow turbines under the constrains imposed by the discrete set of dimensions available for commercial steel pipes. First, the computational model is presented, analyzed in terms of its convergence behavior, and validated with experimental data. Then, a parametric analysis is performed to understand the relative importance of the design variables and their optimum value in regard to the turbine efficiency. Based on the design guidelines derived from the parametric analysis, an example cross-flow turbine design is presented and thoroughly characterized, demonstrating that it is possible to engineer a cross-flow turbine of competitive efficiency out of commercial steel pipes. These guidelines may encourage the use of cross-flow turbines as an appropriate technology for off-grid regions. (c) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd.	2020-10-01	Renewable Energy
10.1109/TC.2009.111	Slicing Distributed Systems	Peer-to-peer (P2P) architectures are popular for tasks such as collaborative download, VoIP telephony, and backup. To maximize performance in the face of widely variable storage capacities and bandwidths, such systems typically need to shift work from poor nodes to richer ones. Similar requirements are seen in today's large data centers, where machines may have widely variable configurations, loads and performance. In this paper, we consider the slicing problem, which involves partitioning the participating nodes into k subsets using a one-dimensional attribute, and updating the partition as the set of nodes and their associated attributes change. The mechanism thus facilitates the development of adaptive systems. We begin by motivating this problem statement and reviewing prior work. Existing algorithms are shown to have problems with convergence, manifesting as inaccurate slice assignments, and to adapt slowly as conditions change. Our protocol, Sliver, has provably rapid convergence, is robust under stress, and is simple to implement. We present both theoretical and experimental evaluations of the protocol.	2009-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Computers
10.1182/bloodadvances.2022007714	Disruption of stem cell niche-confined R-spondin 3 expression leads to impaired hematopoiesis	Self-renewal and differentiation of stem and progenitor cells are tightly regulated to ensure tissue homeostasis. This regulation is enabled both remotely by systemic circulating cues, such as cytokines and hormones, and locally by various niche-confined factors. R-spondin 3 (RSPO3) is one of the most potent enhancers of Wnt signaling, and its expression is usually restricted to the stem cell niche where it provides localized enhancement of Wnt signaling to regulate stem cell expansion and differentiation. Disruption of this niche-confined expression can disturb proper tissue organization and lead to cancers. Here, we investigate the consequences of disrupting the niche-restricted expression of RSPO3 in various tissues, including the hematopoietic system. We show that normal Rspo3 expression is confined to the perivascular niche in the bone marrow. Induction of increased systemic levels of circulating RSPO3 outside of the niche results in prominent loss of early B-cell progenitors and anemia but surprisingly has no effect on hematopoietic stem cells. Using molecular, pharmacologic, and genetic approaches, we show that these RSPO3-induced hematopoietic phenotypes are Wnt and RSPO3 dependent and mediated through noncanonical Wnt signaling. Our study highlights a distinct role for a Wnt/RSPO3 signaling axis in the regulation of hematopoiesis, as well as possible challenges related to therapeutic use of RSPOs for regenerative medicine.	2023-02-23	Blood Advances
10.1063/1.3073735	Real-time feedback control of millimeter-wave polarization for LHD	Electron cyclotron heating (ECH) is widely used in magnetic fusion devices, and the polarization of the injected millimeter-wave beams plays a crucial role in the propagation and absorption of the beam energy by the plasma. This polarization can be adjusted by grating mirror polarizers placed in the transmission lines which carry the microwaves from the power source to the plasma. In long-pulse devices such as the Large Helical Device (LHD) and ITER, it is desirable to track changes in the plasma and adjust the polarization of the ECH in real time such as to keep the absorption as high as possible and avoid shine-through which may lead to overheating of vessel components. For this purpose a real-time feedback control scheme is envisioned in which a measure of the absorption efficiency can be used to adjust the orientation of the polarizing mirrors toward an optimum. Such a setup has been tested in a low-power test stand as preparation for future implementation in the LHD ECH system. It is shown that a simple search algorithm is efficient and can in principle be used to control either the absorption efficiency or the linear polarization angle.	2009-01-01	Review of Scientific Instruments
10.1103/PhysRevLett.112.023902	Optical Mirror from Laser-Trapped Mesoscopic Particles	Trapping of mesoscopic particles by optical forces usually relies on the gradient force, whereby particles are attracted into optical wells formed by landscaping the intensity of an optical field. This is most often achieved by optical Gaussian beams, interference patterns, general phase contrast methods, or other mechanisms. Hence, although the simultaneous trapping of several hundreds of particles can be achieved, these particles remain mostly independent with negligible interaction. Optical matter, however, relies on close packing and binding forces, with fundamentally different electrodynamic properties. In this Letter, we build ensembles of optically bound particles to realize a reflective surface that can be used to image an object or to focus a light beam. To our knowledge, this is the first experimental proof of the creation of a mirror by optical matter, and represents an important step toward the realization of a laser-trapped mirror (LTM) in space. From a theoretical point of view, optically bound close packing requires an exact solver of Maxwell's equations in order to precisely compute the field scattered by the collection of particles. Such rigorous calculations have been developed and are used here to study the focusing and resolving power of an LTM.	2014-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1007/s00454-007-1310-2	f-vectors of Minkowski additions of convex polytopes	The objective of this paper is to present two types of results on Minkowski sums of convex polytopes. The first is about a special class of polytopes we call perfectly centered and the combinatorial properties of the Minkowski sum with their own dual. In particular, we have a characterization of the face lattice of the sum in terms of the face lattice of a given perfectly centered polytope. Exact face counting formulas are then obtained for perfectly centered simplices and hypercubes. The second type of results concerns tight upper bounds for the f- vectors of Minkowski sums of several polytopes.	2007-01-01	Discrete and Computational Geometry
10.1016/j.chembiol.2005.11.006	The Laboratory in a Droplet	In this issue of Chem. & Biol., the groups of Tawfik and Griffiths present fluorescence-activated cell sorting of double emulsions as a generally applicable screen for enzyme activity. This novel methodol. increases the throughput of a typical enzyme screen by two orders of magnitude. [on SciFinder (R)]	2005-01-01	Chemistry & Biology
10.5194/acp-24-1777-2024	Roles of marine biota in the formation of atmospheric bioaerosols, cloud condensation nuclei, and ice-nucleating particles over the North Pacific Ocean, Bering Sea, and Arctic Ocean	We investigated the association of marine biological indicators (polysaccharides, protein-like gel particles, and chl a ) with the formation of fluorescent aerosol particles, cloud condensation nuclei (CCNs), and ice-nucleating particles (INPs) over the North Pacific Ocean, Bering Sea, and Arctic Ocean during September-November 2019. The abundance of bioindicators was high in the North Pacific Ocean and the Bering Sea (e.g., up to 1.3 mg m - 3 of chl a ), suggesting high biological activity due to a phytoplankton bloom. In the North Pacific Ocean, particles were characterized by high mass fractions of organics and sulfate with a predominance of terrestrial air masses. Conversely, in the Bering Sea and the Arctic Ocean, particles were characterized by high mass fractions of sea salt and sulfate with a predominance of maritime air masses. The averaged range/value of the CCN concentration at 0.4 % supersaturation were 99-151, 43-139, and 36 cm - 3 over the North Pacific Ocean with terrestrial influences, over the Bering Sea with marine biogenic influences, and over the Arctic Ocean with marine influences, respectively, and the corresponding range/value of the hygroscopicity parameter kappa were 0.17-0.59, 0.42-0.68, and 0.66, respectively. The averaged INP concentration ( N INP ) measured at temperatures of - 18 and - 24 circle C with marine sources in the North Pacific and Bering Sea was 0.01-0.09 and 0.1-2.5 L - 1 , respectively, and that over the Arctic Ocean was 0.001-0.016 and 0.012-0.27 L - 1 , respectively. When marine sources were dominant, fluorescent bioaerosols in the fine mode were strongly correlated with all bioindicator types ( R : 0.81-0.88) when the effect of wind-induced uplift from the sea surface to the atmosphere was considered. Correlations between N INP measured at - 18 and - 24 circle C and all bioindicator types ( R : 0.58-0.95 and 0.79-0.93, respectively) were positive, even when the extreme outlier point was omitted, as were those between N INP and fluorescent bioaerosols ( R : 0.50 and 0.60, respectively), suggesting that marine bioindicators contributed substantially as sources of bioaerosols and to cloud formation.	2024-02-08	Atmospheric Chemistry And Physics
10.1007/s13280-021-01562-6	Towards circular phosphorus: The need of inter- and transdisciplinary research to close the broken cycle	Phosphorus (P) is an essential element to all living beings but also a finite resource. P-related problems center around broken P cycles from local to global scales. This paper presents outcomes from the 9th International Phosphorus Workshop (IPW9) held 2019 on how to move towards a sustainable P management. It is based on two sequential discussion rounds with all participants. Important progress was reported regarding the awareness of P as finite mineable resource, technologies to recycle P, and legislation towards a circular P economy. Yet, critical deficits were identified such as how to handle legacy P, how climate change may affect ecosystem P cycling, or working business models to up-scale existing recycling models. Workshop participants argued for more transdisciplinary networks to narrow a perceived science-practice/policy gap. While this gap may be smaller in reality as illustrated with a Swiss example, we formulate recommendations how to bridge this gap more effectively.	2022-01-01	Ambio
10.3389/fmolb.2019.00024	Atomic Motif Recognition in (Bio)Polymers: Benchmarks From the Protein Data Bank	Rationalizing the structure and structure–property relations for complex materials such as polymers or biomolecules relies heavily on the identification of local atomic motifs, e.g., hydrogen bonds and secondary structure patterns, that are seen as building blocks of more complex supramolecular and mesoscopic structures. Over the past few decades, several automated procedures have been developed to identify these motifs in proteins given the atomic structure. Being based on a very precise understanding of the specific interactions, these heuristic criteria formulate the question in a way that implies the answer, by defining a list of motifs based on those that are known to be naturally occurring. This makes them less likely to identify unexpected phenomena, such as the occurrence of recurrent motifs in disordered segments of proteins, and less suitable to be applied to different polymers whose structure is not driven by hydrogen bonds, or even to polypeptides when appearing in unusual, non-biological conditions. Here we discuss how unsupervised machine learning schemes can be used to recognize patterns based exclusively on the frequency with which different motifs occur, taking high-resolution structures from the Protein Data Bank as benchmarks. We first discuss the application of a density-based motif recognition scheme in combination with traditional representations of protein structure (namely, interatomic distances and backbone dihedrals). Then, we proceed one step further toward an entirely unbiased scheme by using as input a structural representation based on the atomic density and by employing supervised classification to objectively assess the role played by the representation in determining the nature of atomic-scale patterns.	2019-01-01	Frontiers in Molecular Biosciences
10.1007/JHEP10(2020)156	Searches for low-mass dimuon resonances	Searches are performed for a low-mass dimuon resonance, X, produced in proton-proton collisions at a center-of-mass energy of 13 TeV, using a data sample corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 5.1 fb(-1) and collected with the LHCb detector. The X bosons can either decay promptly or displaced from the proton-proton collision, where in both cases the requirements placed on the event and the assumptions made about the production mechanisms are kept as minimal as possible. The searches for promptly decaying X bosons explore the mass range from near the dimuon threshold up to 60 GeV, with nonnegligible X widths considered above 20 GeV. The searches for displaced X -> mu (+)mu (-) decays consider masses up to 3 GeV. None of the searches finds evidence for a signal and 90% confidence-level exclusion limits are placed on the X -> mu (+)mu (-) cross sections, each with minimal model dependence. In addition, these results are used to place world-leading constraints on GeV-scale bosons in the two-Higgs-doublet and hidden-valley scenarios.	2020-10-26	Journal Of High Energy Physics
10.3389/frai.2024.1371988	Hyperdimensional computing with holographic and adaptive encoder	Introduction: Brain-inspired computing has become an emerging field, where a growing number of works focus on developing algorithms that bring machine learning closer to human brains at the functional level. As one of the promising directions, Hyperdimensional Computing (HDC) is centered around the idea of having holographic and high-dimensional representation as the neural activities in our brains. Such representation is the fundamental enabler for the efficiency and robustness of HDC. However, existing HDC-based algorithms suffer from limitations within the encoder. To some extent, they all rely on manually selected encoders, meaning that the resulting representation is never adapted to the tasks at hand. Methods: In this paper, we propose FLASH, a novel hyperdimensional learning method that incorporates an adaptive and learnable encoder design, aiming at better overall learning performance while maintaining good properties of HDC representation. Current HDC encoders leverage Random Fourier Features (RFF) for kernel correspondence and enable locality-preserving encoding. We propose to learn the encoder matrix distribution via gradient descent and effectively adapt the kernel for a more suitable HDC encoding. Results: Our experiments on various regression datasets show that tuning the HDC encoder can significantly boost the accuracy, surpassing the current HDC-based algorithm and providing faster inference than other baselines, including RFF-based kernel ridge regression. Discussion: The results indicate the importance of an adaptive encoder and customized high-dimensional representation in HDC.	2024-01-01	Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence
10.1038/s41467-024-46796-6	The genetic architecture of multimodal human brain age	The complex biological mechanisms underlying human brain aging remain incompletely understood. This study investigated the genetic architecture of three brain age gaps (BAG) derived from gray matter volume (GM-BAG), white matter microstructure (WM-BAG), and functional connectivity (FC-BAG). We identified sixteen genomic loci that reached genome-wide significance (P-value < 5x10(-8)). A gene-drug-disease network highlighted genes linked to GM-BAG for treating neurodegenerative and neuropsychiatric disorders and WM-BAG genes for cancer therapy. GM-BAG displayed the most pronounced heritability enrichment in genetic variants within conserved regions. Oligodendrocytes and astrocytes, but not neurons, exhibited notable heritability enrichment in WM and FC-BAG, respectively. Mendelian randomization identified potential causal effects of several chronic diseases on brain aging, such as type 2 diabetes on GM-BAG and AD on WM-BAG. Our results provide insights into the genetics of human brain aging, with clinical implications for potential lifestyle and therapeutic interventions. All results are publicly available at https://labs.loni.usc.edu/medicine.	2024-03-23	Nature Communications
10.1103/PhysRevLett.124.077202	Exchange Interactions Mediated by Nonmagnetic Cations in Double Perovskites	Establishing the physical mechanism governing exchange interactions is fundamental for exploring exotic phases such as quantum spin liquids in real materials. In this Letter, we address exchange interactions in Sr2CuTexW1-xO6, a series of double perovskites that realize a spin-1/2 square lattice and are suggested to harbor a quantum spin liquid ground state arising from the random distribution of nonmagnetic ions. Our ab initio multireference configuration interaction calculations show that replacing Te atoms with W atoms changes the dominant couplings from nearest to next-nearest neighbor due to the crucial role of unoccupied states of the nonmagnetic ions in the super-superexchange mechanism. Combined with spin-wave theory simulations, our calculated exchange couplings provide an excellent description of the inelastic neutron scattering spectra of the parent compounds, as well as explaining that the magnetic excitations in Sr2CuTe0.5W0.5O6 emerge from bond-disordered exchange couplings. Our results demonstrate the crucial role of the nonmagnetic cations in exchange interactions paving the way to further explore quantum spin liquid phases in bond-disordered materials.	2020-02-19	Physical Review Letters
10.1163/016918609X12529294461843	Statistical Learning by Imitation of Competing Constraints in Joint Space and Task Space	We present a probabilistic architecture for solving generically the problem of extracting the task constraints through a Programming by Demonstration (PbD) framework and for generalizing the acquired knowledge to various situations. In previous work, we proposed an approach based on Gaussian Mixture Regression (GMR) to find a controller for the robot reproducing the statistical characteristics of a movement in joint space and in task space through Lagrange optimization. In this paper, we develop an alternative procedure to handle simultaneously constraints in joint space and in task space by combining directly the probabilistic representation of the task constraints with a solution to Jacobian-based inverse kinematics. The method is validated in manipulation tasks with two 5 DOFs Katana robotic arms displacing a set of objects.	2009-01-01	Advanced Robotics
10.1016/j.xphs.2020.12.037	High Sensitivity Detection of a Solubility Limiting Surface Transformation of Drug Particles by DNP SENS	"We investigate the presence of a surface species for the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) AZD9496 with dynamic nuclear polarization surface enhanced nuclear spectroscopy (DNP SENS). We show that using DNP we can elucidate the presence of an amorphous form of the API at the surface of crystalline particles of the salt form. The amorphous form of the API has distinguishable 13C chemical shifts when compared to the salt form under various acidic conditions. The predominant form in frozen particles of AZD9496 is the salt, and we provide evidence to suggest that the amorphous layer at the surface is mainly made up of the dissociated free form. 	(c) 2021 American Pharmacists Association (R). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."	2021-06-01	Journal Of Pharmaceutical Sciences
10.1103/PhysRevB.90.125116	Vortex lattice structure in BaFe2(As0.67P0.33)(2) via small-angle neutron scattering	We have observed a magnetic vortex lattice (VL) in BaFe2(As0.67P0.33)(2) (BFAP) single crystals by small-angle neutron scattering. With the field along the c axis, a nearly isotropic hexagonal VL was formed in the field range from 1 to 16 T, and no symmetry changes in the VL were observed. The temperature dependence of the VL signal was measured and confirms the presence of (non-d-wave) nodes in the superconducting gap structure for measurements at 5 T and below. The nodal effects were suppressed at high fields. At low fields, a VL reorientation transition was observed between 1 and 3 T, with the VL orientation changing by 45 degrees. Below 1 T, the VL structure was strongly affected by pinning and the diffraction pattern had a fourfold symmetry. We suggest that this (and possibly also the VL reorientation) is due to pinning to defects aligned with the crystal structure, rather than being intrinsic. The temperature dependence of the scaled intensity suggests that BFAP possesses at least one full gap and one nodal gap with circular symmetry. Judging from the symmetry, the node structure should take the form of an "accidental" circular line node, which is consistent with recent angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy results.	2014-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1016/j.ejor.2019.06.015	Decision support for strategic energy planning: A robust optimization framework	Optimization models for long-term energy planning often feature many uncertain inputs, which can be handled using robust optimization. However, uncertainty is seldom accounted for in the energy planning practice, and robust optimization applications in this field normally consider only a few uncertain parameters. A reason for this gap between energy practice and stochastic modeling is that large-scale energy models often present features-such as multiplied uncertain parameters in the objective and many uncertainties in the constraints-which make it difficult to develop generalized and tractable robust formulations. In this paper, we address these limiting features to provide a complete robust optimization framework allowing the consideration of all uncertain parameters in energy models. We also introduce an original approach to make use of the obtained robust formulations for decision support and provide a case study of a national energy system for validation. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2020-01-16	European Journal Of Operational Research
10.1007/JHEP04(2021)081	Measurement of CP observables in B^\pm \to D^(*) K^\pm and B^\pm \to D^(*) \pi^\pm decays using two-body D final states	Measurements of CP observables in B± → D(*)K± and B± → D(*)π± decays are presented, where D(∗) indicates a neutral D or D∗ meson that is an admixture of meson and anti-meson states. Decays of the D(∗) meson to the Dπ0 and Dγ final states are partially reconstructed without inclusion of the neutral pion or photon. Decays of the D meson are reconstructed in the K±π∓, K+K−, and π+π− final states. The analysis uses a sample of charged B mesons produced in proton-proton collisions and collected with the LHCb experiment, corresponding to integrated luminosities of 2.0, 1.0, and 5.7 fb−1 taken at centre-of-mass energies of 7, 8, and 13 TeV, respectively. The measurements of partially reconstructed B± → D(*)K± and B± → D(∗)π± with D → K∓π± decays are the first of their kind, and a first observation of the B± → decay is made with a significance of 6.1 standard deviations. All CP observables are measured with world-best precision, and in combination with other LHCb results will provide strong constraints on the CKM angle γ.	2021-01-01	Journal of High Energy Physics
10.1103/PhysRevLett.112.140405	On-Demand Dark Soliton Train Manipulation in a Spinor Polariton Condensate	We theoretically demonstrate the generation of dark soliton trains in a one-dimensional exciton-polariton condensate within experimentally accessible schemes. In particular, we show that the frequency of the train can be finely tuned fully optically or electrically to provide a stable and efficient output signal modulation. Taking the polarization of the condensate into account, we elucidate the possibility of forming on-demand half-soliton trains.	2014-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1051/m2an/1995290606871	Existence for a Stationary Model of Binary Alloy Solidification	A proof of existence is given for a stationary model of alloy solidification. The system is composed of heat equation, solute equation and Navier-Stokes equations. In rite latter Carman-Kozeny penalization of porous medium models the mushy zone. The problem is first regularized and a sequence of regularized solutions is built thanks to Leray-Schauder's fixed point Theorem. A solution is then extracted by compactness argument.	1995-01-01	Rairo-Mathematical Modelling and Numerical Analysis-Modelisation Mathematique Et Analyse Numerique
10.1103/PhysRevLett.108.031801	Evidence for Direct CP Violation in B-+/- -> eta h(+/-) and Observation of B-0 -> eta K-0	We report measurements of the branching fractions and CP asymmetries for B-+/- -> eta h(+/-) (h = K or pi) and the observation of the decay B-0 -> eta K-0 from the final data sample of 772 x 10(6) B (B) over bar pairs collected with the Belle detector at the KEKB asymmetric-energy e(+)e(-) collider. The measured branching fractions are B(B-+/- -> eta K-+/-) = (2.12 +/- 0.23 +/- 0.11) x 10(-6), B(B-+/- -> eta pi(+/-)) = (4.07 +/- 0.26 +/- 0.21) x 10(-6), and B(B-0 -> eta K-0) = (1.27(-0.29)(+0.33) +/- 0.08) x 10(-6), where the last decay is observed for the first time with a significance of 5.4 standard deviations (sigma). We also find evidence for CP violation in the charged B modes, A(CP)(B-+/- -> eta K-+/-) = -0.38 +/- 0.11 +/- 0.01 and A(CP)(B-+/- -> eta pi(+/-)) = -0.19 +/- 0.06 +/- 0.01 with significances of 3.8 sigma and 3.0 sigma, respectively. For all measurements, the first and second uncertainties are statistical and systematic, respectively.	2012-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1109/ACCESS.2020.3043515	Protection Coordination for Reliable Marine DC Power Distribution Networks	This paper presents demonstration of a protection scheme integrated into marine DC power distribution networks to investigate the coordination between each protection action. The integrated protection scheme is based on three different time-frame protection actions: fast action - bus separation by a solid-state bus-tie switch, medium action - feeder protection by high-speed fuses, and slow action - power supply protection by generator deexcitation. As the backup protection of the power supply protection, AC fuses are installed between generators and rectifiers. To coordinate each protection action, the influences of the inductance in the bus-tie switch and the DC-link capacitance are investigated by DC short-circuit tests with the different inductance and capacitance values. The protection scheme, coordinated by the above investigation, is verified by system-level short-circuit tests for bus and feeder faults. To validate the protection scheme for various fault conditions, low- and high-impedance fault currents are analytically calculated for the bus faults and simulated for the feeder faults. Time-current curve analyses show that the coordinated protection scheme can effectively protect marine two-bus DC power distribution networks with correct operations of the protection measures and enough time margins between the different actions.	2020-01-01	IEEE Access
10.1063/1.1352077	The medium response to an impulsive redistribution of charge in solid argon: molecular dynamics simulations and normal mode analysis	Excitation of the A(3ss) Rydberg state of NO leads to an extensive rearrangement of the environment, which was studied by classical mol. dynamics simulations and normal mode anal., using pair potentials from the literature. The medium response is independent of the details at long range of the excited state NO A-Ar potential, stressing the fact that it is mainly driven by the short range repulsive forces between the Rydberg electron and the matrix atoms. The authors establish the inertial character of the 1st shell response in the initial 100-150 fs after excitation, as the next shells are silent over this time scale. The expansion of the 1st shell at early times, induces the propagation of a supersonic wave along the (011) axis of the crystal, which define 12 linear chains of atoms with the impurity. The early time response is followed by vibrational coherences with a complex behavior. The normal modes anal. of the crystal shell by shell shows good agreement with the power spectra of the MD trajectories. It allows one to identify the most significant modes in the medium response. Overall, the dynamics of the system may be regarded as that of a NOAr12 supermol., embedded in an Ar lattice and undergoing vibrational energy redistribution. [on SciFinder (R)]	2001-01-01	Journal of Chemical Physics
10.1103/PhysRevB.92.205303	Symmetries and optical transitions of hexagonal quantum dots in GaAs/AlGaAs nanowires	We investigate the properties of electronic states and optical transitions in hexagonal GaAs quantum dots within Al0.3Ga0.7As nanowires, grown in axial direction [111]. Such dots are particularly interesting due to their high degree of symmetry. A streamlined postsymmetrization technique based on class operators (PTCO) is developed which enables one to benefit from the insight brought by the maximal symmetrization and reduction of fields (MSRF) approach reported by Dalessi et al. [Phys. Rev. B 81, 125106 (2010)], after having solved the Schrodinger equation. Definite advantages of the PTCO are that it does not require modification of existing code for the calculation of the electronic structure, and that it allows to numerically test for elevated symmetries. We show in the frame of a four-band k . p model that despite the fact that the D-6h symmetry of the nanostructure is broken at the microscopic level by the underlying zinc-blende crystal structure, the effect is quite small. Most of the particularities of the electronic states and their optical emission can be understood by symmetry elevation to D-6h and the presence of approximate azimuthal and radial quantum numbers.	2015-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1029/2007WR006297	Assessment of structural evolution of aggregated soil using neutron tomography	The advanced non-destructive method of neutron tomography, together with image analysis, is used to evaluate the structural evolution of an aggregated soil during one-dimensional compression tests. Aggregation of primary particles is a commonly observed phenomenon in natural and compacted soils that causes an open soil structure with two dominant pore sizes corresponding to macro (inter-aggregates) and micro (intra-aggregate) pores. The evolution of macro porosity and the degradation of structures are evaluated by means of morphological parameters such as volume fraction, size distribution and chord length. Change in the structure is then linked to the macroscopic soil response. It is observed that the major structural modifications are associated with irreversible strains in soil.	2008-01-01	Water Resources Research
10.1159/000353775	Correlation between Protoporphyrin IX Fluorescence Intensity, Photobleaching, Pain and Clinical Outcome of Actinic Keratosis Treated by Photodynamic Therapy	Background: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) with Metvix® is a good therapeutic option to treat actinic keratosis, but it presents drawbacks (pain, lesion recurrences, heterogeneous outcome), emphasizing the possible need to individualize treatment. Objective: We assessed whether PDT clinical outcome and pain during treatment were correlated with protoporphyrin IX fluorescence intensity and photobleaching. Methods: 25 patients were treated by Metvix PDT. The outcome was evaluated after 1.3 (±0.4), 7.6 (±1.8), 13.2 (±1.2) and 33.6 (±3.0) months. After administration of Metvix, red light (632 ± 10 nm) was delivered with a light-emitting diode panel device. The outcome was assessed on a cosmetoclinical scale. Results: All patients who showed a fluorescence level before PDT treatment above a certain threshold had a complete recovery at 33.6 (±3.0) months. Conclusion: Our approach could be used to individualize PDT treatment based on the pretreatment fluorescence level, and to predict its long-term outcome. © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel	2013-01-01	Dermatology
10.1145/3632890	When Subtyping Constraints Liberate A Novel Type Inference Approach for First-Class Polymorphism	Type inference in the presence of first-class or "impredicative" second-order polymorphism a la System F has been an active research area for several decades, with original works dating back to the end of the 80s. Yet, until now many basic problems remain open, such as how to type check expressions like (lambda x. (x 123, x True)) id reliably. We show that a type inference approach based on multi-bounded polymorphism, a form of implicit polymorphic subtyping with multiple lower and upper bounds, can help us resolve most of these problems in a uniquely simple and regular way. We define F-{<=}, a declarative type system derived from the existing theory of implicit coercions by Cretin and Remy (LICS 2014), and we introduce SuperF, a novel algorithm to infer polymorphic multi-bounded F-{<=} types while checking user type annotations written in the syntax of System F. We use a recursion-avoiding heuristic to guarantee termination of type inference at the cost of rejecting some valid programs, which thankfully rarely triggers in practice. We show that SuperF is vastly more powerful than all first-class-polymorphic type inference systems proposed so far, significantly advancing the state of the art in type inference for general-purpose programming languages.	2024-01-01	Proceedings Of The Acm On Programming Languages-Pacmpl
10.1002/ppap.200700130	Fluorine based plasma treatment of biocompatible silicone elastomer. Effect of temperature on etch rate and surface properties	This paper describes F-based dry etching and resulting surface properties of biocompatible silicone elastomer. The etch rate of polysiloxane and surface morphology was found to be highly temperature dependent. An increase in temperature results in a significantly higher etch rate and a lower surface roughness. Possible mechanisms of the etching process and the roughness formation on an elastomer surface are discussed. The polysiloxane surface was proved to have hydrophobic characteristics both prior to and after plasma exposure. The results of the preliminary cytotoxicity study are very promising: cell viability on a raw and plasma treated polysiloxane was found to be very high and comparable to control. Due to the acceptable etch rate and absence of toxic contaminations, a F-containing plasma is considered an excellent method for microprocessing of silicone elastomers intended for biomedical applications.	2008-01-01	Plasma Processes and Polymers
10.3390/pharmaceutics15092333	Autologous and Allogeneic Cytotherapies for Large Knee (Osteo)Chondral Defects: Manufacturing Process Benchmarking and Parallel Functional Qualification	Cytotherapies are often necessary for the management of symptomatic large knee (osteo)-chondral defects. While autologous chondrocyte implantation (ACI) has been clinically used for 30 years, allogeneic cells (clinical-grade FE002 primary chondroprogenitors) have been investigated in translational settings (Swiss progenitor cell transplantation program). The aim of this study was to comparatively assess autologous and allogeneic approaches (quality, safety, functional attributes) to cell-based knee chondrotherapies developed for clinical use. Protocol benchmarking from a manufacturing process and control viewpoint enabled us to highlight the respective advantages and risks. Safety data (telomerase and soft agarose colony formation assays, high passage cell senescence) and risk analyses were reported for the allogeneic FE002 cellular active substance in preparation for an autologous to allogeneic clinical protocol transposition. Validation results on autologous bioengineered grafts (autologous chondrocyte-bearing Chondro-Gide scaffolds) confirmed significant chondrogenic induction (COL2 and ACAN upregulation, extracellular matrix synthesis) after 2 weeks of co-culture. Allogeneic grafts (bearing FE002 primary chondroprogenitors) displayed comparable endpoint quality and functionality attributes. Parameters of translational relevance (transport medium, finished product suturability) were validated for the allogeneic protocol. Notably, the process-based benchmarking of both approaches highlighted the key advantages of allogeneic FE002 cell-bearing grafts (reduced cellular variability, enhanced process standardization, rationalized logistical and clinical pathways). Overall, this study built on our robust knowledge and local experience with ACI (long-term safety and efficacy), setting an appropriate standard for further clinical investigations into allogeneic progenitor cell-based orthopedic protocols.	2023-09-01	Pharmaceutics
10.1007/JHEP06(2023)073	Search for the lepton-flavour violating decays B0 -> K*0µ(±)e(∓) and B(s)0-> ϕµ(±)e(∓)	A search for the lepton-flavour violating decays B0 -> K*0µ(±)e(∓) and B(s)0-> ϕµ(±)e(∓) is presented, using proton-proton collision data collected by the LHCb detector at the LHC, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 9 fb(-1). No significant signals are observed and upper limits of [see Image] are set at 90% (95%) confidence level. These results constitute the world's most stringent limits to date, with the limit on the decay B(s)0 -> ϕµ(±)e(∓) the first being set. In addition, limits are reported for scalar and left-handed lepton-flavour violating New Physics scenarios.	2023-06-14	Journal Of High Energy Physics
10.1088/1741-4326/ab3de4	Investigation of the role of electron temperature gradient modes in electron heat transport in TCV plasmas	Electron-scale micro-turbulence driven by the electron temperature gradient (ETG) instability has recently been shown to impact the electron heat transport in tokamaks. Given the relevance of these mechanisms for ITER scenarios, a new study has been carried out on the TCV tokamak at the Swiss Plasma Center, which is equipped with both electron cyclotron heating (ECH) and neutral beam injection (NBI) heating, allowing investigation of the relevance of ETG transport. Dedicated L-mode TCV discharges have been performed and the experimental measurements have been compared with gyrokinetic simulations. The results indicate that ETGs should contribute to electron heat transport from mid-radius to the edge when NBI and ECH are simultaneously applied, while the cases with pure ECH are dominated by ion-scale turbulence at mid-radius and show signs of possible ETG contribution only at outer radii.	2019-12-01	Nuclear Fusion
10.1016/j.carbon.2014.06.010	Synthesis of wide atomically precise graphene nanoribbons from para-oligophenylene based molecular precursor	The exploration of graphene nanoribbons (GNRs) and understanding of the structure-property relationship requires the synthesis of GNRs with precisely controllable architecture. In this communication we report on bottom-up fabrication of wide armchair GNR from a para-oligophenylene based molecular precursor. The obtained GNR represents the widest rationally synthesized GNR up to now. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2014-01-01	Carbon
10.1021/jp030045x	Abatement of an Azo Dye on Structured C-Nafion/Fe-Ion Surfaces by Photo-Fenton Reactions Leading to Carboxylate Intermediates with a Remarkable Biodegradability Increase of the Treated Solution	A novel C-Nafton/Fe-ion structured fabric capable of mediating Orange II decomposition in Fenton-immobilized photoassisted reactions is presented. The catalyst preparation requires the right balance between the amount of the Nafion necessary to protect the C-surface and the minimum encapsulation of the Fe-cluster catalytic sites inside the Nafion to allow the photocatalysis to proceed. The C-Nafion/Fe fabric can be used up to pH 10 under light to photocatalyze the disappearance of Orange II in the presence of H2O2. The photocatalysis mediated by the C-Nafion/Fe-ion fabric increased with the applied light intensity and reaction temperature in the reaction needing an activation energy of 9.8 kcal/mol. This indicates that ion- and radical-molecule reactions take place during Orange II disappearance. The build up and decomposition of intermediate iron complexes under light involves the recycling of Fe2+ and was detected by infrared spectroscopy (FTIR). This observation, along with other experimental results, allows us to suggest a surface mechanism for the dye degradation on the C-Nafion/Fe-ion fabrics. The C-Nafion/Fe-ion fabric in the presence of H2O2 under solar simulated light transforms the totally nonbiodegradable Orange II into a biocompatible material with a very high BOD5/COD value. X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) and sputtering by Ar+-ions of the upper surface layer of the C-Nafion/Fe-ion fabric allow us to describe the intervention of the photocatalyst down to the molecular level. Most of the Fe clusters examined by transmission electron microscopy (TEM) showed particle sizes close to 4 nm due to their encapsulation into the Gierke cages of the Nafion thin film observed by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and optical microscopy (OM).	2003-01-01	Journal of Physical Chemistry B
10.1002/cav.2	Capturing human motion using body-fixed sensors: Outdoor measurement and clinical applications	Motion capture is mainly based on standard systems using optic, magnetic or sonic technologies. In this paper, the possibility to detect useful human motion based on new techniques using different types of body-fixed sensors is shown. In particular, a combination of accelerometers and angular rate sensors (gyroscopes) showed a promising design for a hybrid kinematic sensor measuring the 2D kinematics of a body segment. These sensors together with a portable datalogger, and using simple biomechanical models, allow capture of outdoor and long-term movements and overcome some limitations of the standard motion capture systems. Significant parameters of body motion, such as nature of motion (postural transitions, trunk rotation, sitting, standing, lying, walking, jumping) and its spatio-temporal features (velocity, displacement, angular rotation, cadence and duration) have been evaluated and compared to the camera-based system. Based on these parameters, the paper outlines the possibility to monitor physical activity and to perform gait analysis in the daily environment, and reviews several clinical investigations related to fall risk in the elderly, quality of life, orthopaedic outcome and sport performance. Taking advantage of all the potential of these body-fixed sensors should be promising for motion capture and particularly in environments not suitable for standard technology such as in any field activity. Copyright © 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	2004-01-01	Computer Animation and Virtual Worlds
10.1051/m2an/2018049	An Easily Computable Error Estimator In Space And Time For The Wave Equation	We propose a cheaper version of a posteriori error estimator from Gorynina et al. (Namer. Anal. (2017)) for the linear second-order wave equation discretized by the Newmark scheme in time and by the finite element method in space. The new estimator preserves all the properties of the previous one (reliability, optimality on smooth solutions and quasi-uniform meshes) but no longer requires an extra computation of the Laplacian of the discrete solution on each time step.	2019-06-05	ESAIM: Mathematical Modelling and Numerical Analysis
10.1002/hlca.201600123	Allelopathic Activity of the Iron Chelator Anachelin-A Molecular Hybrid with a Dual Mode of Action	One of the compounds suggested to be responsible for the cyanobacterial dominance over competing green algae is identified. Evidence is provided on the molecular, chemical level that the iron chelator anachelin from the cyanobacterium Anabaena cylindrica promotes both the growth of cyanobacteria and reduces the growth of competing chlorophytes. These results illustrate a molecular strategy of addressing two challenges (nutrient availability and algal competition) by one molecule. Such strategies could be implied in harmful algal blooms in marine and freshwater environments.	2016-01-01	Helvetica Chimica Acta
10.1055/s-1991-20650	Fluorine- and trifluoromethyl-substituted toluenes: site selective metalation of aromatic or benzylic positions	At -75 Deg, the superbasic mixt. of BuLi and KOCMe3 metalates 2-, 3-, and 4-FC6H4Me exclusively at an arom. position adjacent to the halogen, as demonstrated by quenching with CO2 to give the corresponding benzoic acids. In contrast, a mixt. of LiN(CHMe2)2 and KOCMe3 selectively deprotonates the benzylic positions of 2- and 3-FC6H4Me to give after quenching with CO2 the corresponding phenylacetic acids. With 3-(F3C)C6H4Me, metal/hydrogen exchange again occurs at the Me group while the corresponding 2- and 4-isomers do not produce interceptable organometallic intermediates. [on SciFinder (R)]	1991-01-01	Synlett
10.1021/acs.langmuir.3c00276	Lysozyme Interaction with Phospholipid Nanodroplets Probed by Sum Frequency Scattering Vibrational Spectroscopy	When a nanoparticle (NP) is introduced into a biological environment, its identity and interactions are immediately attributed to the dense layer of proteins that quickly covers the particle. The formation of this layer, dubbed the protein corona, is in general a combination of proteins interacting with the surface of the NP and a contest between other proteins for binding sites either at the surface of the NP or upon the dense layer. Despite the importance for surface engineering and drug development, the molecular mechanisms and structure behind interfacial biomolecule action have largely remained elusive. We use ultrafast sum frequency scattering (SFS) spectroscopy to determine the structure and the mode of action by which these biomolecules interact with and manipulate interfaces. The majority of work in the field of sum frequency generation has been done on flat model interfaces. This limits some important membrane properties such as membrane fluidity and dimensionality -important factors in biomolecule-membrane interactions. To move toward three-dimensional (3D) nanoscopic interfaces, we utilize SFS spectroscopy to interrogate the surface of 3D lipid monolayers, which can be used as a model lipid-based nanocarrier system. In this study, we have utilized SFS spectroscopy to follow the action of lysozyme. SFS spectra in the amide I region suggest that there is lysozyme at the interface and that the lysozyme induces an increased lipid monolayer order. The binding of lysozyme with the NP is demonstrated by an increase in acyl chain order determined by the ratio of the CH3 symmetric and CH2 symmetric peak amplitudes. Furthermore, the lipid headgroup orientation s-PO2- change strongly supports lysozyme insertion into the lipid layer causing lipid disruption and reorientation. Altogether, with SFS, we have made a huge stride toward understanding the binding and structure change of proteins within the protein corona.	2023-04-26	Langmuir
10.26508/lsa.201900349	KAP1 is an antiparallel dimer with a functional asymmetry	KAP1 (KRAB domain-associated protein 1) plays a fundamental role in regulating gene expression in mammalian cells by recruiting different transcription factors and altering the chromatin state. In doing so, KAP1 acts both as a platform for macromolecular interactions and as an E3 small ubiquitin modifier ligase. This work sheds light on the overall organization of the full-length protein combining solution scattering data, integrative modeling, and single-molecule experiments. We show that KAP1 is an elongated antiparallel dimer with an asymmetry at the C-terminal domains. This conformation is consistent with the finding that the Really Interesting New Gene (RING) domain contributes to KAP1 auto-SUMOylation. Importantly, this intrinsic asymmetry has key functional implications for the KAP1 network of interactions, as the heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1) occupies only one of the two putative HP1 binding sites on the KAP1 dimer, resulting in an unexpected stoichiometry, even in the context of chromatin fibers.	2019-08-01	Life Science Alliance
10.1103/PhysRevB.87.174525	Normal state bottleneck and nematic fluctuations from femtosecond quasiparticle relaxation dynamics in Sm(Fe,Co)AsO	We investigate temperature and fluence dependent dynamics of the photoexcited quasiparticle relaxation and low-energy electronic structure in electron-doped 1111-structure Sm(Fe0.93Co0.07)AsO single crystal. We find that the behavior is qualitatively identical to the 122-structure Ba(Fe,Co)(2)As-2 including the presence of a normal state pseudogap and a marked twofold symmetry breaking in the tetragonal phase that we relate to the electronic nematicity. The twofold symmetry breaking appears to be a general feature of the electron-doped iron pnictides.	2013-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1016/j.coastaleng.2011.01.006	A multi-frequency Acoustic Concentration and Velocity Profiler (ACVP) for boundary layer measurements of fine-scale flow and sediment transport processes	The use of acoustics to measure sediment transport boundary layer processes has gained increasing acceptance over the past two decades. This has occurred through the development of increasingly sophisticated measuring systems and theoretical developments, which have enabled flow and suspended sediment parameters to be obtained from acoustic data with a high degree of accuracy. Until relatively recently, separate acoustic systems were used to measure flow and suspended sediment concentration. Over the past few years, however, the technology has become sufficiently advanced so that flow and sediment measurements can be integrated into a single system. This integration provides, quasi-instantaneous, non-intrusive, co-located, high temporal-spatial resolution measurements of benthic flow and sediment processes. Here the development of such an instrument, the Acoustic Concentration and Velocity Profiler (ACVP) is described. The theory underpinning its application is outlined, new approaches to velocity de-aliasing and suspended sediment inversion instabilities using multi-frequency capabilities are presented and the application of the system to sediment transport processes over a sandy ripple bed is illustrated. The observations clearly show the value of such instrumentation for studying the dynamical interaction between the bed, the flow and the sediments at and within the bottom boundary layer. (C) 2011 Elsevier BM. All rights reserved.	2011-01-01	Coastal Engineering
10.4310/CIS.2001.v1.n1.a5	Decorrelation over Infinite Domains: the Encrypted CBC-MAC Case	Decorrelation theory has recently been proposed in order to address the security of block ciphers and other cryptographic primitives over a finite domain. We show here how to extend it to infinite domains, which can be used in the Message Authentication Code (MAC) case. In 1994, Bellare, Kilian and Rogaway proved that CBC-MAC is secure when the input length is fixed. This has been extended by Petrank and Rackoff in 1997 with a variable length. In this paper, we prove a result similar to Petrank and Rackoff's one by using decorrelation theory. This leads to a slightly improved result and a more compact proof. This result is meant to be a general proving technique for security, which can be compared to the approach which was announced by Maurer at CRYPTO'99.	2001-01-01	Communications in Information and Systems
10.1038/s41557-021-00689-z	Ultimate control in chemistry	Controlling reactions between molecules is a major fundamental goal in chemistry and doing so on the level of individual quantum states is very challenging. Now, control over the reactant state and full characterization of the product-state distribution of an ultracold bimolecular reaction has been demonstrated.	2021-04-30	Nature Chemistry
10.1002/chem.200500138	Cationic P-S-X cages (X=Br, I)	The first condensed-phase preparation of ternary P-Ch-X cations (Ch=O-Te, X=F-I) is reported: [P5S3X2]+, [P5S2X2]+, and [P4S4X]+ (X=Br, I). [P5S3X2]+ is formed from the reaction of the Ag+/PX3 reagent with P4S3. The [P5S3X2]+ ions have a structure that is related to P4S5 by replacing P=S by P+-X and S in the four-membered ring by P(X). We provide evidence that the active ingredient of the Ag+/PX3 reagent is the (H2CCl2)Ag-X-PX2+ cation. The latter likely reacts with the HOMO of P4S3 in a concerted HOMO-LUMO addition to give the P5S3X2+ ion as the first species visible in situ in the low-temperature 31P NMR spectrum. The [P5S3X2]+ ions are metastable at -78 °C and disproportionate at slightly higher temperatures to give [P5S2X2]+ and [P4S4X]+, probably with the extrusion of 1/n (PX)n (X=Br, I). All six new cage compounds have been characterized by multinuclear NMR spectroscopy and, in part, by IR or Raman spectroscopy. The [P5S2X2]+ salts have a nortricyclane skeleton and were also characterized by X-ray crystallography. The structure of the [P4S4X]+ ion is related to that of P4S5 in that the exo-cage P=S bond is replaced by an isoelectronic P+-X moiety.	2006-01-01	Chemistry - A European Journal
10.1109/Tasl.2013.2260151	Robust Log-Energy Estimation and its Dynamic Change Enhancement for In-car Speech Recognition	The log-energy parameter, typically derived from a full-band spectrum, is a critical feature commonly used in automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems. However, log-energy is difficult to estimate reliably in the presence of background noise. In this paper, we theoretically show that background noise affects the trajectories of not only the "conventional" log-energy, but also its delta parameters. This results in a poor estimation of the actual log-energy and its delta parameters, which no longer describe the speech signal. We thus propose a new method to estimate log-energy from a sub-band spectrum, followed by dynamic change enhancement and mean smoothing. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed log-energy estimation and its post-processing steps through speech recognition experiments conducted on the in-car CENSREC-2 database. The proposed log-energy (together with its corresponding delta parameters) yields an average improvement of 32.8% compared with the baseline front-ends. Moreover, it is also shown that further improvement can be achieved by incorporating the new Mel-Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCCs) obtained by non-linear spectral contrast stretching.	2013-01-01	Ieee Transactions On Audio Speech And Language Processing
10.1016/j.jmbbm.2011.01.009	Poroviscoelastic Characterization of Particle-Reinforced Gelatin Gels using Indentation and Homogenization	Hydrogels are promising materials for bioengineering applications, and are good model materials for the study of hydrated biological tissues. As these materials often have a structural function, the measurement of their mechanical properties is of fundamental importance. In the present study gelatin gels reinforced with ceramic microspheres are produced and their poroviscoelastic response in spherical indentation is studied. The constitutive responses of unreinforced gels are determined using inverse finite element modeling in combination with analytical estimates of material parameters. The behavior of composite gels is assessed by both analytical and numerical homogenization. The results of the identification of the constitutive parameters of unreinforced gels show that it is possible to obtain representative poroviscoelastic parameters by spherical indentation without the need for additional mechanical tests. The agreement between experimental results on composite gelatin and the predictions from homogenization modeling show that the adopted modeling tools are capable of providing estimates of the poroviscoelastic response of particle-reinforced hydrogels	2011-01-01	Journal of the Mechanical Behavior of Biomedical Materials
10.1016/j.mee.2008.11.028	Drop-on-demand inkjet printing of highly luminescent CdS and CdSe@ZnS nanocrystal based nanocomposites	Inkjet printing technology is an emerging deposition method for the flexible and cost-effective dispensing of functional materials. In this work, luminescent single- and multi-colour pixel arrays of chloroform nanocomposite inks based on polystyrene (PS) functionalized with highly luminescent colloidal CdS and differently sized CdSe@ZnS nanocrystals (NCs) were printed in drop-on-demand mode. The solubility of the organic-capped NCs in organic solvents allowed the employment of chloroform for preparing highly processable luminescent nanocomposite inks. We demonstrated that nanocomposite inks in a single apolar carrier medium, can be reliably dispensed once optimized the ejection parameters, with no need of multi-solvent mixtures or post preparative processing. The bright and non-bleachable sizedependent luminescence of the NCs is conveyed to the printed pixels which present a luminescence ranging from blue to red and a regular and reproducible shape.	2009-01-01	Microelectronic Engineering
10.1145/3197517.3201321	The Layer Laboratory: A Calculus for Additive and Subtractive Composition of Anisotropic Surface Reflectance	We present a versatile computational framework for modeling the reflective and transmissive properties of arbitrarily layered anisotropic material structures. Given a set of input layers, our model synthesizes an effective BSDF of the entire structure, which accounts for all orders of internal scattering and is efficient to sample and evaluate in modern rendering systems.	2018-08-01	Acm Transactions On Graphics
10.1099/mgen.0.000503	Rapid molecular evolution of Spiroplasma symbionts of Drosophila	Spiroplasma is a genus of Mollicutes whose members include plant pathogens, insect pathogens and endosymbionts of animals. Spiroplasma phenotypes have been repeatedly observed to be spontaneously lost in Drosophila cultures, and several studies have documented a high genomic turnover in Spiroplasma symbionts and plant pathogens. These observations suggest that Spiroplasma evolves quickly in comparison to other insect symbionts. Here, we systematically assess evolutionary rates and patterns of Spiroplasma poulsonii, a natural symbiont of Drosophila. We analysed genomic evolution of sHy within flies, and sMel within in vitro culture over several years. We observed that S. poulsonii substitution rates are among the highest reported for any bacteria, and around two orders of magnitude higher compared with other inherited arthropod endosymbionts. The absence of mismatch repair loci mutS and mutL is conserved across Spiroplasma, and likely contributes to elevated substitution rates. Further, the closely related strains sMel and sHy (>99.5 % sequence identity in shared loci) show extensive structural genomic differences, which potentially indicates a higher degree of host adaptation in sHy, a protective symbiont of Drosophila hydei. Finally, comparison across diverse Spiroplasma lineages confirms previous reports of dynamic evolution of toxins, and identifies loci similar to the malekilling toxin Spaid in several Spiroplasma lineages and other endosymbionts. Overall, our results highlight the peculiar nature of Spiroplasma genome evolution, which may explain unusual features of its evolutionary ecology.	2021-02-01	Microbial Genomics
10.1111/j.1582-4934.2008.00323.x	Fate of undifferentiated mouse embryonic stem cells within the rat heart: role of myocardial infarction and immune suppression	It has recently been suggested that the infarcted rat heart microenvironment could direct pluripotent mouse embryonic stem cells to differentiate into cardiomyocytes through an in situ paracrine action. To investigate whether the heart can function as a cardiogenic niche and confer an immune privilege to embryonic stem cells, we assessed the cardiac differentiation potential of undifferentiated mouse embryonic stem cells (mESC) injected into normal, acutely or chronically infarcted rat hearts. We found that mESC survival depended on immunosuppression both in normal and infarcted hearts. However, upon Cyclosporin A treatment, both normal and infarcted rat hearts failed to induce selective cardiac differentiation of implanted mESC. Instead, teratomas developed in normal and infarcted rat hearts 1 week and 4 weeks (50% and 100%, respectively) after cell injection. Tight control of ESC commitment into a specific cardiac lineage is mandatory to avoid the risk of uncontrolled growth and tumourigenesis following transplantation of highly plastic cells into a diseased myocardium.	2009-01-01	Journal Of Cellular And Molecular Medicine
10.1523/ENEURO.0471-18.2019	Response Adaptation in Barrel Cortical Neurons Facilitates Stimulus Detection during Rhythmic Whisker Stimulation in Anesthetized Mice	Rodents use rhythmic whisker movements at frequencies between 4 and 12 Hz to sense the environment that will be disturbed when the animal touches an object. The aim of this work is to study the response adaptation to rhythmic whisker stimulation trains at 4 Hz in the barrel cortex and the sensitivity of cortical neurons to changes in the timing of the stimulation pattern. Longitudinal arrays of four iridium oxide electrodes were used to obtain single-unit recordings in supragranular, granular, and infragranular neurons in urethane anesthetized mice. The stimulation protocol consisted in a stimulation train of three air puffs (20 ms duration each) in which the time interval between the first and the third stimuli was fixed (500 ms) and the time interval between the first and the second stimuli changed (regular: 250 ms; "accelerando": 375 ms; or "decelerando" stimulation train: 125 ms interval). Cortical neurons adapted strongly their response to regular stimulation trains. Response adaptation was reduced when accelerando or decelerando stimulation trains were applied. This facilitation of the shifted stimulus was mediated by activation of NMDA receptors because the effect was blocked by AP5. The facilitation was not observed in thalamic nuclei. Facilitation increased during periods of EEG activation induced by systemic application of IGF-I, probably by activation of NMDA receptors, as well. We suggest that response adaptation is the outcome of an intrinsic cortical information processing aimed at contributing to improve the detection of "unexpected" stimuli that disturbed the rhythmic behavior of exploration.	2019-03-01	eneuro
10.3389/fncir.2018.00077	Data-Driven Modeling of Cholinergic Modulation of Neural Microcircuits: Bridging Neurons, Synapses and Network Activity	Neuromodulators, such as acetylcholine (ACh), control information processing in neural microcircuits by regulating neuronal and synaptic physiology. Computational models and simulations enable predictions on the potential role of ACh in reconfiguring network activity. As a prelude into investigating how the cellular and synaptic effects of ACh collectively influence emergent network dynamics, we developed a data-driven framework incorporating phenomenological models of the physiology of cholinergic modulation of neocortical cells and synapses. The first-draft models were integrated into a biologically detailed tissue model of neocortical microcircuitry to investigate the effects of levels of ACh on diverse neuron types and synapses, and consequently on emergent network activity. Preliminary simulations from the framework, which was not tuned to reproduce any specific ACh-induced network effects, not only corroborate the long-standing notion that ACh desynchronizes spontaneous network activity, but also predict that a dose-dependent activation of ACh gives rise to a spectrum of neocortical network activity. We show that low levels of ACh, such as during non-rapid eye movement (nREM) sleep, drive microcircuit activity into slow oscillations and network synchrony, whereas high ACh concentrations, such as during wakefulness and REM sleep, govern fast oscillations and network asynchrony. In addition, spontaneous network activity modulated by ACh levels shape spike-time cross-correlations across distinct neuronal populations in strikingly different ways. These effects are likely due to the regulation of neurons and synapses caused by increasing levels of ACh, which enhances cellular excitability and decreases the efficacy of local synaptic transmission. We conclude by discussing future directions to refine the biological accuracy of the framework, which will extend its utility and foster the development of hypotheses to investigate the role of neuromodulators in neural information processing.	2018-10-09	Frontiers In Neural Circuits
10.1364/OE.23.024923	Distributed phase birefringence measurements based on polarization correlation in phase-sensitive optical time-domain reflectometers	In this paper a technique to measure the distributed birefringence profile along optical fibers is proposed and experimentally validated. The method is based on the spectral correlation between two sets of orthogonally-polarized measurements acquired using a phase-sensitive optical time-domain reflectometer (ϕOTDR). The correlation between the two measured spectra gives a resonance (correlation) peak at a frequency detuning that is proportional to the local refractive index difference between the two orthogonal polarization axes of the fiber. In this way the method enables local phase birefringence measurements at any position along optical fibers, so that any longitudinal fluctuation can be precisely evaluated with metric spatial resolution. The method has been experimentally validated by measuring fibers with low and high birefringence, such as standard single-mode fibers as well as conventional polarization-maintaining fibers. The technique has potential applications in the characterization of optical fibers for telecommunications as well as in distributed optical fiber sensing.	2015-01-01	Optics Express
10.1103/PhysRevLett.122.152002	Model-Independent Observation of Exotic Contributions to B degrees -> J/psi K+pi(-) Decays	An angular analysis of B degrees -> J/psi K+pi(-) decays is performed, using proton-proton collision data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 3 fb(-1) collected with the LHCb detector. The m(K+pi(-) ) spectrum is divided into fine bins. In each m(K+pi(-)) bin, the hypothesis that the three-dimensional angular distribution can be described by structures induced only by K* resonances is examined, making minimal assumptions about the K+pi(-) system. The data reject the K*-only hypothesis with a large significance, implying the observation of exotic contributions in a model-independent fashion. Inspection of the m(J/psi pi(-)) vs m(K+pi(-)) plane suggests structures near m(J/psi pi(-)) = 4200 and 4600 MeV.	2019-04-17	Physical Review Letters
10.1007/s10957-010-9714-1	Optimization Problem Coupled with Differential Equations: A Numerical Algorithm Mixing an Interior-Point Method and Event Detection	The numerical analysis of a dynamic constrained optimization problem is presented. It consists of a global minimization problem that is coupled with a system of ordinary differential equations. The activation and the deactivation of inequality constraints induce discontinuity points in the time evolution. A numerical method based on an operator splitting scheme and a fixed point algorithm is advocated. The ordinary differential equations are approximated by the Crank-Nicolson scheme, while a primal-dual interior-point method with warm-starts is used to solve the minimization problem. The computation of the discontinuity points is based on geometric arguments, extrapolation polynomials and sensitivity analysis. Second order convergence of the method is proved when an inequality constraint is activated. Numerical results for atmospheric particles confirm the theoretical investigations.	2010-01-01	Journal Of Optimization Theory And Applications
10.1016/j.neunet.2023.09.011	An exact mapping from ReLU networks to spiking neural networks	Deep spiking neural networks (SNNs) offer the promise of low-power artificial intelligence. However, training deep SNNs from scratch or converting deep artificial neural networks to SNNs without loss of performance has been a challenge. Here we propose an exact mapping from a network with Rectified Linear Units (ReLUs) to an SNN that fires exactly one spike per neuron. For our constructive proof, we assume that an arbitrary multi-layer ReLU network with or without convolutional layers, batch normalization and max pooling layers was trained to high performance on some training set. Furthermore, we assume that we have access to a representative example of input data used during training and to the exact parameters (weights and biases) of the trained ReLU network. The mapping from deep ReLU networks to SNNs causes zero percent drop in accuracy on CIFAR10, CIFAR100 and the ImageNet-like data sets Places365 and PASS. More generally our work shows that an arbitrary deep ReLU network can be replaced by an energy-efficient single-spike neural network without any loss of performance.	2023-01-01	Neural Networks
10.1038/s41598-022-13377-w	The new X-ray/visible microscopy MAXWELL technique for fast three-dimensional nanoimaging with isotropic resolution	Microscopy by Achromatic X-rays With Emission of Laminar Light (MAXWELL) is a new X-ray/visible technique with attractive characteristics including isotropic resolution in all directions, large-volume imaging and high throughput. An ultrathin, laminar X-ray beam produced by a Wolter type I mirror irradiates the sample stimulating the emission of visible light by scintillating nanoparticles, captured by an optical system. Three-dimensional (3D) images are obtained by scanning the specimen with respect to the laminar beam. We implemented and tested the technique with a high-brightness undulator at SPring-8, demonstrating its validity for a variety of specimens. This work was performed under the Synchrotrons for Neuroscience-an Asia-Pacific Strategic Enterprise (SYNAPSE) collaboration.	2022-06-11	Scientific Reports
10.1039/c3nr05897b	Deep UV generation and direct DNA photo-interaction by harmonic nanoparticles in labelled samples	A biophotonics approach based on the nonlinear optical process of second harmonic generation is presented and demonstrated on malignant human cell lines labelled by harmonic nanoparticles. The method enables independent imaging and therapeutic action, selecting each modality by simply tuning the excitation laser wavelength from infrared to visible. In particular, the generation of deep ultraviolet radiation at 270 nm allows direct interaction with nuclear DNA in the absence of photosensitizing molecules.	2014-01-01	Nanoscale
10.1115/1.4052025	Stability and Unbalance Analysis of Rigid Rotors Supported by Spiral Groove Bearings: Comparison of Different Approaches	The dynamic behavior of spiral-grooved gas bearing supported four degrees-of-freedom (DOF) rotors is investigated by means of linearized bearing force coefficients and full time-integrated transient analysis. The transient method consists of a state-space representation, which couples the equations of motion with the compressible thin-film fluid equation. The linearized method is based on the perturbation analysis around a given eccentric shaft position e, allowing to compute the static and linear dynamic bearing force coefficients at different excitation frequencies. The two methods are compared for a variation of test rotors and bearing geometries in a given compressibility number interval of K = [0,40]. The limitations and weaknesses of the linearized model are presented. It is shown that shafts with two symmetric herringbone-grooved journal bearings (HGJBs) have their maximum stability and load capacity if the center of gravity lays in the middle of the two bearings. For symmetric rotors (la/lb = 1), the two rigid modes, cylindrical and conical, are present and are influenced by the mass and transverse moment of inertia independently. For asymmetric rotors (la/lb < 1), the stability region decreases, and the modes have a mixed shape. It is no longer possible to clearly distinguish between pure cylindrical and pure conical mode shapes. The two methods predict the critical mass and critical transverse moment of inertias within a difference of <7%. A quasi-linear unbalance module for rigid gas bearing supported rotors is presented, which considers eccentricity-dependent bearing force coefficients, allowing to speed up the unbalance response analysis by 4 orders of magnitude. The unbalance module is compared with the full transient orbital analysis, suggesting that the quasi-linear module predicts the nonlinear unbalance response with <6% deviation for amplitudes up to e < 0.5 within the complete compressibility number range.	2021-12-01	Journal of Engineering for Gas Turbines and Power
10.3390/nano11061399	Photodehydrogenation of Ethanol over Cu2O/TiO2 Heterostructures	The photodehydrogenation of ethanol is a sustainable and potentially cost-effective strategy to produce hydrogen and acetaldehyde from renewable resources. The optimization of this process requires the use of highly active, stable and selective photocatalytic materials based on abundant elements and the proper adjustment of the reaction conditions, including temperature. In this work, Cu2O-TiO2 type-II heterojunctions with different Cu2O amounts are obtained by a one-pot hydrothermal method. The structural and chemical properties of the produced materials and their activity toward ethanol photodehydrogenation under UV and visible light illumination are evaluated. The Cu2O-TiO2 photocatalysts exhibit a high selectivity toward acetaldehyde production and up to tenfold higher hydrogen evolution rates compared to bare TiO2. We further discern here the influence of temperature and visible light absorption on the photocatalytic performance. Our results point toward the combination of energy sources in thermo-photocatalytic reactors as an efficient strategy for solar energy conversion.	2021-05-25	Nanomaterials
10.1038/nature11068	An absence of neutrinos associated with cosmic-ray acceleration in gamma-ray bursts	Very energetic astrophysical events are required to accelerate cosmic rays to above 10(18) electronvolts. GRBs (c-ray bursts) have been proposed as possible candidate sources(1-3). In the GRB 'fireball' model, cosmic-ray acceleration should be accompanied by neutrinos produced in the decay of charged pions created in interactions between the high-energy cosmic-ray protons and gamma-rays(4). Previous searches for such neutrinos found none, but the constraints were weak because the sensitivity was at best approximately equal to the predicted flux(5-7). Here we report an upper limit on the flux of energetic neutrinos associated with GRBs that is at least a factor of 3.7 below the predictions(4,8-10). This implies either that GRBs are not the only sources of cosmic rays with energies exceeding 10(18) electronvolts or that the efficiency of neutrino production is much lower than has been predicted.	2012-01-01	Nature
10.1186/gb-2014-15-6-r85	Characteristic bimodal profiles of RNA polymerase II at thousands of active mammalian promoters	Background: In mammals, ChIP-seq studies of RNA polymerase II (PolII) occupancy have been performed to reveal how recruitment, initiation and pausing of PolII may control transcription rates, but the focus is rarely on obtaining finely resolved profiles that can portray the progression of PolII through sequential promoter states. Results: Here, we analyze PolII binding profiles from high-coverage ChIP-seq on promoters of actively transcribed genes in mouse and humans. We show that the enrichment of PolII near transcription start sites exhibits a stereotypical bimodal structure, with one peak near active transcription start sites and a second peak 110 base pairs downstream from the first. Using an empirical model that reliably quantifies the spatial PolII signal, gene by gene, we show that the first PolII peak allows for refined positioning of transcription start sites, which is corroborated by mRNA sequencing. This bimodal signature is found both in mouse and humans. Analysis of the pausing-related factors NELF and DSIF suggests that the downstream peak reflects widespread pausing at the +1 nucleosome barrier. Several features of the bimodal pattern are correlated with sequence features such as CpG content and TATA boxes, as well as the histone mark H3K4me3. Conclusions: We thus show how high coverage DNA sequencing experiments can reveal as-yet unnoticed bimodal spatial features of PolII accumulation that are frequent at individual mammalian genes and reminiscent of transcription initiation and pausing. The initiation-pausing hypothesis is corroborated by evidence from run-on sequencing and immunoprecipitation in other cell types and species.	2014-01-01	Genome Biology
10.1016/j.bdr.2014.07.005	Efficient Indexing and Query Processing of Model-View Sensor Data in the Cloud	As the number of sensors that pervade our lives increases (e.g., environmental sensors, phone sensors, etc.), the eﬃcient management of massive amount of sensor data is becoming increasingly important. The inﬁnite nature of sensor data poses a serious challenge for query processing even in a cloud infrastructure. Traditional raw sensor data management systems based on relational databases lack scalability to accommodate large-scale sensor data eﬃciently. Thus, distributed key-value stores in the cloud are becoming a prime tool to manage sensor data. Model-view sensor data management, which stores the sensor data in the form of modeled segments, brings the additional advantages of data compression and value interpolation. However, currently there are no techniques for indexing and/or query optimization of the model-view sensor data in the cloud; full table scan is needed for query processing in the worst case. In this paper, we propose an innovative index for modeled segments in key-value stores, namely KVI-index. KVI-index consists of two interval indices on the time and sensor value dimensions respectively, each of which has an in-memory search tree and a secondary list materialized in the key-value store. Then, we introduce a KVI-index–Scan–MapReduce hybrid approach to perform eﬃcient query processing upon modeled data streams. As proved by a series of experiments at a private cloud infrastructure, our approach outperforms in query-response time and index-updating eﬃciency both Hadoop-based parallel processing of the raw sensor data and multiple alternative indexing approaches of model-view data.	2014-01-01	Journal of Big Data Research
10.2478/s11772-010-0050-7	Nanophotonic technologies for single-photon devices	The progress in nanofabrication has made possible the realization of optic nanodevices able to handle single photons and to exploit the quantum nature of single-photon states. In particular, quantum cryptography (or more precisely quantum key distribution, QKD) allows unconditionally secure exchange of cryptographic keys by the transmission of optical pulses each containing no more than one photon. Additionally, the coherent control of excitonic and photonic qubits is a major step forward in the field of solid-state cavity quantum electrodynamics, with potential applications in quantum computing. Here, we describe devices for realization of single photon generation and detection based on high resolution technologies and their physical properties. Particular attention will be devoted to the description of single-quantum dot sources based on photonic crystal microcavites optically and electrically driven: the electrically driven devices is an important result towards the realization of single photon source "on demand". A new class of single photon detectors, based on superconducting nanowires, the superconducting single-photon detectors (SSPDs) are also introduced: the fabrication techniques and the design proposed to obtain large area coverage and photon number-resolving capability are described.	2010-01-01	Opto-Electronics Review
10.1007/s11071-015-1974-8	Isogeometric rotation-free analysis of planar extensible-elastica for static and dynamic applications	Finite deformations of planar slender beams for which shear strain can be neglected are described by the extensible-elastica model, where the strain-displacement relation is geometrically exact and the Biot stress–strain relation is linear. However, if the formulation is expressed in terms of displacements without rotation, the kinematics are described by a partial differential equation involving a fourth-order spatial operator, which cannot be approximated by the classical C0-continuous FE method in the standard Galerkin framework. In this work, we propose the spatial approximation of such high-order PDE by means of NURBS-based isogeometric analysis (IGA) which allows the use of globally high-order continuous basis functions. The employed IGA approach possesses three advantages: first, it facilitates the encapsulation of the exact geometric representation of the beams in the spatial approximation with fewer discrete points, especially useful for curved structures; second, it allows the discretization of high-order spatial operators; and third, it provides an efficient numerical solution of the discrete problem by using a limited number of degrees of freedom since the employed standard Galerkin formulation does not require rotational degrees of freedom. Yet this approach has not been directly compared to appropriate analytical solutions. To this end, we compare and validate numerical results from FE with the closed-form solutions for a set of static beam problems, including a newly derived solution for an initially curved beam, based on the extensible-elastica theory, by estimating the convergence orders of the errors. We also highlight the advantages of this formulation with the numerical solution of three dynamic problems: the swinging of a pinned beam, the propagation of solitons (nonlinear waves) in post-buckled beams, and snap-through buckling of a pinned beam that is axially buckled before transverse loading.	2015-01-01	Nonlinear Dynamics
10.4319/lom.2013.11.529	Deployment of a dynamic penetrometer from manned submersibles for fine-scale geomorphology studies	Dynamic penetrometers reveal information about seafloor strength, stratification, stability, and sediment remobilization. However, positioning is often limited to a range of meters making it difficult to target small-scale geomorphologic features. Deployments from submersed vessels (manned or remotely operated) can extend the possibilities of in situ geotechnical surveying in areas of complex bathymetry. The lightweight dynamic penetrometer Nimrod was modified to enable its deployment from the MIR submersibles, and was deployed during two dives in the Rhône Delta and Vidy Bay (both Lake Geneva). In the Rhône Delta, five positions at the floor/levee complex of a submarine canyon were sampled with ~1 m spacing, with good reproducibility of the results. In Vidy Bay, socalled pillow-hollow structures on the lake bottom with dimensions of about 50 cm were targeted. At both sites, the penetrometer was released from a height of about 1-2 m above the lake bottom using the starboard robotic arm of the MIRs leading to impact velocities of ~ 3 m s–1. The probe reached penetration depths of up to 80 cm with maximum decelerations of up to 2.9 g. Stratification in the deceleration versus penetration depth profiles hinted at recent sediment remobilization processes. Pressure transducer results of the probe were suitable to determine water depth, and estimate trends of excess pore pressure. This article describes the modification of the dynamic penetrometer Nimrod for deployments from the MIR submersibles, assesses the deployment performance, validates the results, and gives an outlook on the application of this technique and the results.	2013-01-01	Limnology and Oceanography: Methods
10.1118/1.2198168	Absolute depth-dose-rate measurements for an 192Ir HDR brachytherapy source in water using MOSFET detectors	Reported MOSFET measurements concern mostly external radiotherapy and in vivo dosimetry. In this paper, we apply the technique for absolute dosimetry in the context of HDR brachytherapy using an 192Ir source. Measured radial dose rate distributions in water for different planes perpendicular to the source axis are presented and special attention is paid to the calibration of the R and K type detectors, and to the determination of appropriate correction factors for the sensitivity variation with the increase of the threshold voltage and the energy dependence. The experimental results are compared with Monte Carlo simulated dose rate distributions. The experimental results show a good agreement with the Monte Carlo simulations: the discrepancy between experimental and Monte Carlo results being within 5% for 82% of the points and within 10% for 95% of the points. Moreover, all points except two are found to lie within the experimental uncertainties, confirming thereby the quality of the results obtained	2006-01-01	Medical Physics
10.1016/j.watres.2006.11.020	Preparation, stabilization and characterization of TiO2 on thin polyethylene films (LDPE): Photocatalytic applications	An innovative way to fix preformed nanocrystalline TiO2 on low-density polyethylene film (LDPE-TiO2) is presented. The LDPE-TiO2 film was able to mediate the complete photodiscoloration of Orange II using about seven times less catalyst than a TiO2 suspension and proceeded with a photonic efficiency of ~0.02. The catalyst shows photostability over long operational periods during the photodiscoloration of the azo dye Orange II. The LDPE-TiO2 catalyst leads to full dye discoloration under simulated solar light but only to a 30% TOC reduction since long-lived intermediates generated in solution seem to preclude full mineralization of the dye. Physical insight is provided into the mechanism of stabilization of the LDPE-TiO2 composite during the photocatalytic process by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). The adherence of TiO2 on LDPE is investigated by electron microscopy (EM) and atomic force microscopy (AFM). The thickness of the TiO2 film is seen to vary between 1.25 and 1.69 mm for an unused LDPE-TiO2 film and between 1.31 and 1.50 mmfor a sample irradiated 10h during Orange II discoloration pointing out to a higher compactness of the TiO2 film after the photocatalysis.	2007-01-01	WATER RESEARCH
10.1063/1.1513663	Microwire arrays with plasmonic response at microwave frequencies	We study experimentally the response of three-dimensional arrays of microscopic wires. Very good agreement is found with previous theoretical work indicating that such a system can be considered as an effective plasmonic medium with a specific plasma frequency. The sample size threshold where this effective behavior appears is shown to be relatively small. (C) 2002 American Institute of Physics.	2002-01-01	Applied Physics Letters
10.1007/BF02477526	Release of selenium and tin from the graphite support in the presence of tungsten and palladium modifiers	Electrothermal at. absorption spectrometry is applied to study the release of the selenium and tin atoms from pyrocoated graphite support. The Coats and Redfern and Sturgeon approaches were used for estn. of the apparent activation energies of atom release. The addn. of tungsten and palladium modifiers leads to enhancement of the activation energies and changes the kind of the vaporizing species for analytes. [on SciFinder (R)]	1997-01-01	Reaction Kinetics and Catalysis Letters
10.1039/c1cp20140a	Structural modifications of ionic liquid surfactants for improving the water dispersibility of carbon nanotubes: an experimental and theoretical study	The 1-hexadecyl-3-vinylimidazolium bromide (hvimBr), a water-soluble long-chain imidazolium ionic liquid (IL) with surfactant properties, showed the ability to produce stable homogeneous aqueous dispersions of pristine Single-Walled Carbon Nanotubes (SWNTs). The purpose of this study is the improvement of SWNT dispersing ability by assessing the effect of different groups in position 3 of the imidazole ring. In this regard structural analogues were synthesized and, after characterization, their capability to dissolve SWNTs in water was investigated. Molecular Dynamics (MD) simulations have been performed to provide a semi-quantitative indication of the affinity of each dispersing agent toward SWNT and to attempt an explanation of the experimental results.	2011-01-01	Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics
10.1038/s41598-023-37116-x	Imaging conformations of holo- and apo-transferrin on the single-molecule level by low-energy electron holography	Conformational changes play a key role in the biological function of many proteins, thereby sustaining a multitude of processes essential to life. Thus, the imaging of the conformational space of proteins exhibiting such conformational changes is of great interest. Low-energy electron holography (LEEH) in combination with native electrospray ion beam deposition (ES-IBD) has recently been demonstrated to be capable of exploring the conformational space of conformationally highly variable proteins on the single-molecule level. While the previously studied conformations were induced by changes in environment, it is of relevance to assess the performance of this imaging method when applied to protein conformations inherently tied to a function-related conformational change. We show that LEEH imaging can distinguish different conformations of transferrin, the major iron transport protein in many organisms, by resolving a nanometer-scale cleft in the structure of the iron-free molecule (apo-transferrin) resulting from the conformational change associated with the iron binding/release process. This, along with a statistical analysis of the data, which evidences a degree of flexibility of the molecules, indicates that LEEH is a viable technique for imaging function-related conformational changes in individual proteins.	2023-06-23	Scientific Reports
10.1016/j.advwatres.2011.09.016	Biomass selection by floods and related timescales: Part 1. Experimental observations	Several research investigations have explored the interaction between morphodynamic and vegetation growth processes from both the modelling and the experimental viewpoints. Results have mainly been concerned with morphologic analyses of the effects of vegetation on long term riverbed evolution without addressing the relative role of the timescales between such processes. This paper presents for the first time the statistics of uprooted biomass obtained while perturbing the vegetation growing in the river bed with periodic disturbances of constant magnitude. That is, we force the biological and hydrological processes to interact and study the related timescales in order to shed light on the role of flood disturbances in selecting the component of the biomass that has a higher chance of survival in relation to its growth stage. A simple interpretative stochastic model is then presented and thoroughly discussed in a companion paper (Biomass selection by floods and related timescales: Part 2. Stochastic modelling). (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2012-01-01	Advances in Water Resources
10.1007/s11856-023-2533-5	NORM TORI OF ETALE ALGEBRAS AND UNRAMIFIED BRAUER GROUPS	Let k be a field, and let L be an etale k-algebra of finite rank. If a is an element of k(x), let X-a be the affine variety defined by N-L/k(x) = a. Assuming that L has at least one factor that is a cyclic field extension of k, we give a combinatorial description of the unramified Brauer group of X-a.	2023-11-01	Israel Journal Of Mathematics
10.1016/j.chom.2009.07.008	Insect immunity: from pattern recognition to symbiont-mediated host defense	The Jacques Monod conference "Insect Immunity in Action: From Fundamental Mechanisms of Host Defense to Resistance Against Infections in Nature," organized by Ulrich Theopold (Stockholm University, Sweden) and Dominique Ferrandon (CNRS, France), was held in May 2009 in Aussois, France. Here, we review key topics and concepts that were presented and highlight emerging trends in the field of insect immunity.	2009-01-01	Cell host & microbe
10.1002/esp.3626	Detection and reconstruction of large-scale coherent flow structures in gravel-bed rivers	Large-scale flow structures (LSFS) in the streamwise direction are important features of gravel-bed river flows, because they may contribute to sediment transport and gas exchange. In the present study, these structures are detected using Huang's empirical mode decomposition and reconstructed with phase-averaging techniques based on a Hilbert transform of the velocity signal. The analysis is based on the fluctuating component of 15 quasi-instantaneous velocity profiles measured with a three-dimensional (3D) acoustic Doppler velocity profiler (ADVP) in an armoured gravel-bed river with a low relative submergence of 2.9 (ratio between flow depth and bed grain diameter). LSFS were identified in most of the measured profiles and consistently showed similar features. We were able to characterize the geometry of these large-scale coherent structures: the front has a vertical linear shift in the time domain and a vertical profile corresponding to a first quarter moon with the apex situated at z/h approximate to 0.4. In the vertical, the front scales with flow depth h, and in the streamwise direction, LSFS scale with three to seven times the mean flow depth. On the bed, the effect of LSFS is a periodic non-linear variation of the friction velocity on average between 0.90 and 1.10 times the mean value. A model for the friction velocity cycle resulting from LSFS oscillation is presented. Copyright (c) 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	2015-01-01	Earth Surface Processes And Landforms
10.3389/frobt.2023.1267019	Non-contact robotic manipulation of floating objects: exploiting emergent limit cycles	The study of non-contact manipulation in water, and the ability to robotically control floating objects has gained recent attention due to wide-ranging potential applications, including the analysis of plastic pollution in the oceans and the optimization of procedures in food processing plants. However, modeling floating object movements can be complex, as their trajectories are influenced by various factors such as the object's shape, size, mass, and the magnitude, frequency, and patterns of water waves. This study proposes an experimental investigation into the emergence ofrobotically controlled limit cycles in the movement of floating objects within a closed environment. The objects' movements are driven by robot fins, and the experiment plan set up involves the use of up to four fins and variable motor parameters. By combining energy quantification of the system with an open-loop pattern generation, it is possible to demonstrate all main water-object interactions within the enclosed environment. A study using dynamic time warping around floating patterns gives insights on possible further studies.	2023-10-12	Frontiers In Robotics And Ai
10.5169/SEALS-632517	Geotypen : ein neues Konzept zur Optimierung geologischer Informationen für die Raumplanung	When we have to valorise the geological information for land planning or engineering applications, it is difficult to integrate the large complexity of the maps of the Swiss Geological Atlas at the scale of 1:25'000. The heterogeneity of the legends between neighbouring maps is often another difficulty. That is the reason why we proposed the notion of «geo type», a concept that describes in a simplified and homogeneous manner the principal geological formations at the scale of a canton. The experience in the Canton de Vaud demonstrates that the use of geotypes allows a translation of the geological information of maps and boreholes in terms of properties that are useful for applied geology. Each geotype is characterized by a table of properties like, for example, an order of magnitude of thermal conductivity, permeability, grain size distribution, plasticity etc. This characterization proved its robustness in different domains like seismic microzoning, groundwater resources, geothermy and slope stability. A recent application is the DEEP CITY project which characterizes the underground resources below the cities where 3D models in geotypes are established. The numerical modelling operations are easier to be performed. The geo types do not replace the academic geological information, which remains the base, particularly the geological maps of the Swiss Atlas.	2015-01-01	Swiss Bulletin fuer Angewandte Geologie
10.1103/PhysRevE.98.042603	Rheological behavior of colloidal suspension with long-range interactions	In this work, we study the constitutive behavior of interacting colloidal suspensions for moderate and high concentrations. Specifically, using a lattice Boltzmann solver, we numerically examine suspensions flowing through narrow channels, and explore the significance of the interaction potential strength on the system's macroscopic response. When only a short-range interaction potential is considered, a Newtonian behavior is always recovered and the system's effective viscosity mostly depends on the suspension concentration. However, when using a Lennard-Jones potential we identify two rheological responses depending on the interaction strength, the volume fraction, and the pressure drop. Exploiting a model proposed in the literature we rationalize the simulation data and propose scaling relations to identify the relevant energy scales involved in these transport processes. Moreover, we find that the spatial distribution of colloids in layers parallel to the flow direction does not correlate with changes in the system macroscopic response; but, interestingly, the rheology changes do correlate with the spatial distribution of colloids within individual layers. Namely, suspensions characterized by a Newtonian response display a cubiclike structure of the colloids within individual layers, whereas for suspensions with non-Newtonian response colloids organize in a hexagonal structure.	2018-10-10	Physical Review E
10.1016/j.advwatres.2006.08.003	Analytical approximations for flow in compressible, saturated, one-dimensional porous media	A nonlinear model for single-phase fluid flow in slightly compressible porous media is presented and solved approximately. The model assumes state equations for density, porosity, viscosity and permeability that are exponential functions of the fluid (either gas or liquid) pressure. The governing equation is transformed into a nonlinear diffusion equation. It is solved for a semi- infinite domain for either constant pressure or constant flux boundary conditions at the surface. The solutions obtained, although approximate, are extremely accurate as demonstrated by comparisons with numerical results. Predictions for the surface pressure resulting from a constant flux into a porous medium are compared with published experimental data.	2007-01-01	Advances in Water Resources
10.1016/j.addlet.2022.100091	Control of microstructure and shape memory properties of a Fe-Mn-Si-based shape memory alloy during laser powder bed fusion	Fe-Mn-Si shape memory alloys are materials, whose functional properties strongly depend on microstructural factors such as grain size and orientation, phase fraction and chemical composition. The present study demonstrates the possibility of microstructure modification via process parameter variation on a Fe-Mn-Si based shape memory alloy fabricated by laser powder bed fusion. By varying the scan speed, samples characterized by coarse elongated grains with strong <001> orientation along the build direction or by finer equiaxed grains without preferential orientation can be fabricated. Changes in the volume phase fraction of bcc-δ ferrite and fcc-γ austenite are also introduced by selective Mn evaporation. A direct correlation between the generated microstructure and achieved mechanical and shape memory properties is found.	2022-12-01	Additive Manufacturing Letters
10.1103/PhysRevB.82.094422	Ferrimagnetism of the magnetoelectric compound Cu2OSeO3 probed by Se-77 NMR	We present a thorough Se-77 nuclear-magnetic-resonance (NMR) study of a single crystal of the magnetoelectric compound Cu2OSeO3. The temperature dependence of the local electronic moments extracted from the NMR data is fully consistent with a magnetic phase transition from the high-T paramagnetic phase to a low-T ferrimagnetic state with 3/4 of the Cu2+ ions aligned parallel and 1/4 aligned antiparallel to the applied field of 14.09 T. The transition to this 3up-1down magnetic state is not accompanied by any splitting of the NMR lines or any abrupt modification in their broadening, hence there is no observable reduction in the crystal symmetry from its high-T cubic P2(1)3 space group. These results are in agreement with high-resolution x-ray diffraction and magnetization data on powder samples reported previously by Bos et al. [Phys. Rev. B 78, 094416 (2008)]. We also develop a mean-field theory description of the problem based on a microscopic spin Hamiltonian with one antiferromagnetic (J(afm) similar or equal to 68 K) and one ferromagnetic (J(fm) similar or equal to -50 K) nearest-neighbor exchange interaction.	2010-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1126/science.1211095	Inhibitory Plasticity Balances Excitation and Inhibition in Sensory Pathways and Memory Networks	Cortical neurons receive balanced excitatory and inhibitory synaptic currents. Such a balance could be established and maintained in an experience-dependent manner by synaptic plasticity at inhibitory synapses. We show that this mechanism provides an explanation for the sparse firing patterns observed in response to natural stimuli and fits well with a recently observed interaction of excitatory and inhibitory receptive field plasticity. The introduction of inhibitory plasticity in suitable recurrent networks provides a homeostatic mechanism that leads to asynchronous irregular network states. Further, it can accommodate synaptic memories with activity patterns that become indiscernible from the background state, but can be reactivated by external stimuli. Our results suggest an essential role of inhibitory plasticity in the formation and maintenance of functional cortical circuitry.	2011-01-01	Science
10.1016/j.bmc.2009.06.022	Design and synthesis of acetamido tri- and tetra-hydroxyazepanes: Potent and selective beta-N-acetylhexosaminidase inhibitors	A series of seven-membered iminosugars bearing an acetamido group beta- or gamma- to the endocyclic nitrogen have been synthesized via simple transformations of previously described polysubstituted azepanes. These tetra- and trihydroxylated acetamido azepanes are ring homologues of 2-acetamido-1,2-dideoxy-glyconojirimycins and 2-acetamido-1-N-iminosugars respectively. Screening of these azepanes towards a range of commercially available glycosidases demonstrated their potential as selective and potent hexosaminidase inhibitors with K-i's in the submicromolar range. A correlation between the relative configuration of the azepanes and their ability to inactivate hexosaminidases was also observed for the first time for this class of compounds with one notable exception for the most potent compound. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2009-01-01	Bioorganic & Medicinal Chemistry
10.1007/s00371-004-0244-4	An inverse kinematics architecture enforcing an arbitrary number of strict priority levels	An efficient inverse kinematics solver is a key element in applications targeting the on-line or off-line postural control of complex articulated figures. In the present paper we progressively describe the strategic components of a very general and robust inverse kinematics architecture. We then present an efficient recursive algorithm enforcing an arbitrary number of strict priorities to arbitrate the fulfillment of conflicting constraints. Due to its local nature, the moderate cost of the solution allows this architecture to run within an interactive environment. The algorithm is illustrated on the postural control of complex articulated figures	2004-01-01	Visual Computer
10.1002/cssc.201802558	Kinetic Competition between Water-Splitting and Photocorrosion Reactions in Photoelectrochemical Devices	Semiconductor photocorrosion is a major challenge for the stability of photoelectrochemical water-splitting devices. Usually, photocorrosion is studied on the basis of thermodynamic aspects, by comparing the redox potentials of water to the self-decomposition potentials of the semiconductor or analyzing the equilibrium phases at given electrolyte conditions. However, that approach does not allow for a prediction of the decomposition rate of the semiconductor or the branching ratio with the redox reaction. A kinetic model has been developed to describe detailed reaction mechanisms and investigate competition between water-splitting and photocorrosion reactions. It is observed that some thermodynamically unstable semiconductors should photocorrode in a few minutes, whereas others are expected to operate over a period of years as a result of their extremely low photocorrosion current. The photostability of the semiconductor is mainly found to depend on surface chemical properties, catalyst activity, charge carrier density, and electrolyte acidity.	2019-05-08	Chemsuschem
10.1016/j.advwatres.2008.11.004	Numerical simulation of surf-swash zone motions and turbulent flow	A two-dimensional numerical model was presented for the simulation of wave breaking, runup and turbulence in the surf and swash zones. The main components of the model are the Reynolds-Averaged Navier-Stokes equations describing the average motion of a turbulent flow, a k-epsilon turbulence closure model describing the transformation and dissipation processes of turbulence and a Volume-Of-Fluid technique for tracking the free surface motion. Nearshore wave evolution on a sloping bed, the velocity field and other wave characteristics were investigated. First, the results of the model were compared with experimental results for different surf zone hydrodynamic conditions. Spilling and plunging breakers were simulated and the numerical model investigated for different wave parameters. Besides the flow field, the turbulence field was also considered and the spatial and time-dependent variations of turbulence parameters were discussed. In the next stage of the study, the results of numerical experiments were compared against two sets of experimental data in the swash zone. Generally, there is good agreement between the results of the model and experimental data, except for turbulence predictions near the breaking point. On the other hand, turbulence predictions were found to be excellent for the swash zone. The model pro-vides a precise and efficient tool for the simulation of the flow field and wave transformations in the nearshore, especially in the swash zone. The numerical model can efficiently simulate the sur-face elevation of the vertical shoreline excursion on sloping beaches, while swash-swash interac-tions within the swash zone are accounted for.	2009-01-01	Advances in Water Resources
10.1002/aenm.201501358	Growth Engineering of CH3NH3PbI3 Structures for High-Efficiency Solar Cells	Controlling the growth of perovskite crystals has been one of the interesting strategies to mold their fundamental properties and exploit their potential in the fabrication of high performance solar cells. Herein, the impact of chloride on the conversion of lead halide into CH3NH3PbI3, morphology, and coverage of perovskite structures using modified two-step approach is investigated systematically, which eventually dictates the overall performance of the resulting device. Structural and morphological characterization is thoroughly carried out by X-ray diffraction and field emission scanning electron microscopy, respectively. Various spectroscopic techniques provide ample evidence that CH3NH3PbI3 structures formed in the presence of chloride, in the lead halide precursor solution, exhibit desired properties, such as fewer defects. Moreover, the morphology of CH3NH3PbI3 structures and surface coverage of the resulting layers are considerably different from those obtained in the absence of chloride. After gaining a rational understanding regarding the effect of chloride on the growth, morphology, and optical properties of CH3NH3PbI3 structures, fabrication of devices revealing a power conversion efficiency of over 16% under standard AM 1.5 G illumination is realized. The fundamental understanding and high efficiency reported here distinguishes our results, particularly where chloride based precursors are involved.	2016-01-01	Advanced Energy Materials
10.1016/j.ijheatmasstransfer.2012.12.010	Numerical investigation of hydrodynamics and heat transfer of elongated bubbles during flow boiling in a microchannel	Flow boiling within microchannels has been explored intensively in the last decade due to their capability to remove high heat fluxes from microelectronic devices. However, the contribution of experiments to the understanding of the local features of the flow is still severely limited by the small scales involved. Instead, multiphase CFD simulations with appropriate modeling of interfacial effects overcome the current limitations in experimental techniques. Presently, numerical simulations of single elongated bubbles in flow boiling conditions within circular microchannels were performed. The numerical framework is the commercial CFD code ANSYS Fluent 12 with a Volume Of Fluid interface capturing method, which was improved here by implementing, as external functions, a Height Function method to better estimate the local capillary effects and an evaporation model to compute the local rates of mass and energy exchange at the interface. A detailed insight on bubble dynamics and local patterns enhancing the wall heat transfer is achievable utilizing this improved solver. The numerical results show that, under operating conditions typical for flow boiling experiments in microchannels, the bubble accelerates downstream following an exponential time-law, in good agreement with theoretical models. Thin-film evaporation is proved to be the dominant heat transfer mechanism in the liquid film region between the wall and the elongated bubble, while transient heat convection is found to strongly enhance the heat transfer performance in the bubble wake in the liquid slug between two bubbles. A transient-heat-conduction-based boiling heat transfer model for the liquid film region, which is an extension of a widely quoted mechanistic model, is proposed here. It provides estimations of the local heat transfer coefficient that are in excellent agreement with simulations and it might be included in next-generation predictive methods.	2013-01-01	International Journal of Heat and Mass Transfer
10.1093/toxsci/kfaa073	Biotransformation Capacity of Zebrafish (Danio rerio) Early Life Stages: Functionality of the Mercapturic Acid Pathway	Zebrafish (Danio rerio) early life stages offer a versatile model system to study the efficacy and safety of drugs or other chemicals with regard to human and environmental health. This is because, aside from the well-characterized genome of zebrafish and the availability of a broad range of experimental and computational research tools, they are exceptionally well suited for high-throughput approaches. Yet, one important pharmacokinetic aspect is thus far only poorly understood in zebrafish embryo and early larvae: their biotransformation capacity. Especially, biotransformation of electrophilic compounds is a critical pathway because they easily react with nucleophile molecules, such as DNA or proteins, potentially inducing adverse health effects. To combat such adverse effects, conjugation reactions with glutathione and further processing within the mercapturic acid pathway have evolved. We here explore the functionality of this pathway in zebrafish early life stages using a reference substrate (1-chloro-2,4-dinitrobenzene, CDNB). With this work, we show that zebrafish embryos can biotransform CDNB to the respective glutathione conjugate as early as 4h postfertilization. At all examined life stages, the glutathione conjugate is further biotransformed to the last metabolite of the mercapturic acid pathway, the mercapturate, which is slowly excreted. Being able to biotransform electrophiles within the mercapturic acid pathway shows that zebrafish early life stages possess the potential to process xenobiotic compounds through glutathione conjugation and the formation of mercapturates. The presence of this chemical biotransformation and clearance route in zebrafish early life stages supports the application of this model in toxicology and chemical hazard assessment.	2020-08-01	Toxicological Sciences
10.1109/TNSRE.2018.2855053	EEG-based lower-limb movement onset decoding: Continuous classification and asynchronous detection	Brain-machine interfaces (BMIs) have been used to incorporate the user intention to trigger robotic devices by decoding movement onset from electroencephalography (EEG). Active neural participation is crucial to promote brain plasticity thus to enhance the opportunity of motor recovery. This study presents the decoding of lower-limb movement-related cortical potentials (MRCPs) with continuous classification and asynchronous detection.We executed experiments in a customized gait trainer where 10 healthy subjects performed self-initiated ankle plantar flexion. We further analyzed the features, evaluated the impact of the limb side, and compared the proposed framework with other typical decoding methods. No significant differences were observed between left and right legs in terms of neural signatures of movement and classification performance. We obtained higher true positive rate (TPR), lower false positives, and comparable latencies with respect to the existing online detection methods. This paper demonstrates the feasibility of the proposed framework to build a closed-loop gait trainer. Potential applications include gait training neurorehabilitation in clinical trials.	2018-07-11	IEEE Transactions on Neural Systems and Rehabilitation Engineering
10.1063/5.0184306	Structural study of nickelate based heterostructures	Heterostructures consisting of SmNiO3 and NdNiO3 alternating layers with additional LaAlO3 spacer layers were grown and fully characterized by means of x-ray diffraction, atomic force microscopy, and scanning transmission electron microscopy. A change in the orientation of the orthorhombic long-axis of the nickelate layers is observed when a single unit cell of LaAlO3 is inserted between SmNiO3 and NdNiO3, in agreement with density functional theory calculations. At the same time, the structure of the ultra-thin rhombohedral LaAlO3 layers is affected by their proximity to orthorhombic nickelate layers, with both scanning transmission electron microscopy studies and density functional theory calculations revealing a weak antipolar motion of the La-cation in the LaAlO3 layers that is not present in the bulk rhombohedral structure of this compound.	2024-03-01	Apl Materials
10.1016/j.jmatprotec.2024.118344	Effects of beam shaping on copper-steel interfaces in multi-material laser beam powder bed fusion	Multi-material laser beam powder bed fusion (PBF-LB) is a promising approach to meet industrial demands for multifunctional components, due to its enhanced freedom of design. Copper and stainless steel are interesting materials to be combined due to the high electrical and thermal conductivity of copper and the mechanical strength and wear resistance of steel. However, this system suffers from copper contamination cracking (CCC), a phenomenon which leads to intergranular cracking of the steel due to penetration of liquid copper. The more these materials intermix, the greater the amount of copper that can penetrate and damage the steel. Mixing is more intense when steel is below copper during printing, a situation that cannot always be avoided due to design constraints. In this sense, this research tackles the worst scenario of printing CuCrZr onto 316L and analyses the effect of beam shaping on interface quality. For the first time, a ring-mode laser was applied to multi-material PBF-LB with the goal to reduce intermixing. It was observed that using a ring-mode laser source instead of a Gaussian beam decreases mixing of the two alloys and reduces interface defects, albeit being unable to completely suppress cracking. Grain size and texture were also affected by the beam shape, with the Gaussian beam leading to formation of small equiaxed grains along 20 layers of CuCrZr, resulting in random texture. The ring-mode laser source, on the other hand, yields columnar grains and <100> texture along the build direction. Both beam shapes were observed to induce supercooling below the liquid miscibility gap in the Cu-Fe system. Besides the expected gamma-Fe and epsilon-Cu phases, iron was also found to crystallize in a body-centered cubic (BCC) lattice structure, which is believed to happen due to Ni depletion of the steel in Cu-rich compositions, coupled to insufficient copper within the Fe-rich liquid during solidification. BCC fractions are higher for the Gaussian beam. These differences in microstructure and BCC fraction are attributed to the high intermixing of CuCrZr and 316L when applying Gaussian beams, which is around 10 times higher than with the ring-mode laser.	2024-06-01	Journal Of Materials Processing Technology
10.1109/TCST.2004.841647	Modeling and control of TCV	A new approach to the modeling and control of tokamak fusion reactors is presented. A nonlinear model is derived using the classical arguments of Hamiltonian mechanics and a low-order linear model is derived from it. The modeling process used here addresses flux and energy conservation issues explicitly and self-consistently. The model is of particular value, because it shows the relationship between the initial modeling assumptions and the resulting predictions. The mechanisms behind the creation of uncontrollable modes in tokamak models are discussed. A normalized coprime factorization H-infinity controller is developed for the the Tokamak A Configuration Variable (TCV), CRPP-EPFL, Lausanne, Switzerland, tokamak using the linearized model, which has been extensively verified on the TCV and JT-60U, JAERI, Naka, Japan, tokamaks. Recent theory is applied to reduce the controller order significantly whilst guaranteeing a priori bounds on the robust stability and performance. The controller is shown to track successfully reference signals that dictate the plasma's shape, position and current. The tests used to verify this were carried out on linear and nonlinear models.	2005-01-01	Ieee Transactions on Control Systems Technology
10.1007/JHEP02(2024)173	Study of Bc+ → χc π+ decays	A study of B-c(+) -> chi(c) pi(+) decays is reported using proton-proton collision data, collected with the LHCb detector at centre-of-mass energies of 7, 8, and 13TeV, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 9 fb(-1). The decay B-c(+) -> chi(c2)pi(+) is observed for the first time, with a significance exceeding seven standard deviations. The relative branching fraction with respect to the B-c(+) -> J/psi pi(+) decay is measured to be|BBc+ ->chi c2 pi+/BBc+ -> (J/psi pi+) = 0.37 +/- 0.06 +/- 0.02 +/- 0.01,|where the first uncertainty is statistical, the second is systematic, and the third is due to the knowledge of the chi(c2) -> J/psi gamma branching fraction. No significant B-c(+) -> chi(+)(c1 pi) signal is observed and an upper limit for the relative branching fraction for the B-c(+) -> chi(c1)pi(+) and B-c(+) -> chi(c2)pi(+) decays of|BBc+ ->chi c1 pi+/BBc+ -> chi(c2)pi(+) < 0.49|is set at the 90% confidence level.	2024-02-22	Journal Of High Energy Physics
10.1109/20.947052	Batch-Type Millimeter-Size Transformers for Miniaturized Power Applications	We have developed a novel batch-type technology for making three-dimensional (3-D) millimeter-sized transformers for ultrasmall low-power (0.1 to 1 Watt) applications. The technology uses the 3-D micropatterning of ferrite wafers by powder blasting to form the magnetic cores of the inductive devices, and combines these cores with electrical windings made by flex-foil printed circuit board technology. Microfabrication and assembly of the parts can be done in a batch process on a wafer/foil level, opening the way to further size reduction of the components. We have measured the inductive and resistive properties of our devices as a function of frequency and device geometry. The results clearly show the high potential of our technology for power applications in which small-size is important.	2001-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Magnetics
10.1103/PhysRevApplied.21.014061	Orientation-dependent two-dimensional magnonic crystal modes in an ultralow-damping ferrimagnetic waveguide containing repositioned hexagonal lattices of Cu disks	Two-dimensional (2D) hexagonal lattices of Cu disks are shown to induce orientation-dependent magnonic crystal (MC) modes for propagating forward volume spin waves in a single-crystal yttrium iron garnet (YIG) film. The width and depth of the magnonic band gaps are 0.022 GHz and –15.2 dB at the frequency of 1.815 GHz. Integrating differently oriented lattices on the same YIG film and positioning them between the microwave antenna surrounded by magnon absorbers consisting of Au films, we clearly resolve a characteristic frequency shift of the magnonic band gap by altering the incident angle of the spin waves to the 2D MC. The shift amounts to approximately 10 MHz when the incident angle is changed between 10° and 30°. The obtained results show a good agreement with calculations using the finite integration technique and are a step toward complete band-gap investigations in YIG of ultralow spin-wave damping.	2024-01-01	Physical Review Applied
10.1016/0141-8130(96)81841-1	Some preliminary results on the action of rhamnogalacturonase on rhamnogalacturonan oligosaccharides from beet pulp	Sugar-beet pulp was saponified and then hydrolysed with 0.1 M HCl at 80 degrees C for 72 h, and a rhamnogalacturonan fraction was isolated by ion-exchange chromatography on AG 1X8 resin. Four individual oligomers, and a mixture of oligomers with higher degrees of polymerization, were obtained by chromatography on BioGel P-4. They all presented the alpha-D-GalAp-(1[-->2)-alpha-L-Rhap-(1-->4)-alpha-D-GalAp-(1](n)-->2)-L- Rhap structure (with n greater than or equal to 2) The five fractions were submitted to hydrolysis with rhamnogalacturonase. The enzyme was active on oligomers with degrees of polymerization greater than or equal to 10, and gave as main products alpha-L-Rhap-(1-->4)-alpha-D-GalAp-(1-->2)-or-L-Rhap(1-->4)-D-GalAp and alpha-D-GalAp-(1-->2)-alpha-L-Rhap-(1-->4)-alpha-D-GalAp-(1-->2)-alpha-L -Rhap-(1-->4)-D-GalAp.	1995-01-01	International Journal of Biological Macromolecules
10.1016/j.cej.2021.129889	SODIS potential: A novel parameter to assess the suitability of solar water disinfection worldwide	This paper studies the worldwide applicability of solar water disinfection (SODIS) technology through a novel parameter: the SODIS potential. This parameter is defined as the inverse ratio between the required exposure time to achieve a four log disinfection of E. coli and the six hours recommended by the standard SODIS protocol. The E. coli inactivation kinetics was predicted by fitting the results under different temperature and incident radiation to a semi-empirical inactivation model, including a synergy term between bacterial stress sources (light/heat). To estimate the SODIS potential, a solar calculator was developed based on the Sun's position, atmospheric extinction, cloud-cover, and elevation. The time-varying total incident radiation available at any location worldwide was estimated for each day along the year during sunlight hours. The time-varying temperature was also estimated from minimum and maximum values, introducing its dynamic variation along with the solar exposure of the water. Both incident radiation and temperature values are input into the kinetic model to estimate the disinfection rate. Based on these values, the number of batch disinfections that can reach the goal of 99.99% bacterial elimination in 1 day and the minimum daily time required to achieve this goal is computed; the latter is finally transformed to the SODIS potential. The results of the study, illustrated as contours indicating the SODIS potential and other relevant indicators overlayed on a world map, confirm that latitude has a significant contribution to the SODIS potential, with the highest values close to the equator. However, the results also highlight the importance of temperature and cloud-cover, with critical differences between equal latitude regions.	2021-09-01	Chemical Engineering Journal
10.1126/science.aat8266	Chromatin three-dimensional interactions mediate genetic effects on gene expression	Studying the genetic basis of gene expression and chromatin organization is key to characterizing the effect of genetic variability on the function and structure of the human genome. Here we unravel how genetic variation perturbs gene regulation using a dataset combining activity of regulatory elements, gene expression, and genetic variants across 317 individuals and two cell types. We show that variability in regulatory activity is structured at the intra-and interchromosomal levels within 12,583 cis-regulatory domains and 30 trans-regulatory hubs that highly reflect the local (that is, topologically associating domains) and global (that is, open and closed chromatin compartments) nuclear chromatin organization. These structures delimit cell type-specific regulatory networks that control gene expression and coexpression and mediate the genetic effects of cis- and trans-acting regulatory variants on genes.	2019-05-03	Science
10.1002/psc.310010103	Protein design as a challenge for peptide chemists	A review with 37 refs. In the present review, various attempts to apply synthetic tools for inducing native-like structural features in peptides in order to bypass the folding problem are described. Besides well-established methods for the nucleation and stabilization of secondary structures, e.g. a-helixes, b-sheets and b-turns, topol. templates as 'built-in' folding devices have more recently become the key elements for the induction of protein-like folding units (template-assembled synthetic proteins, TASP). Progress in the synthetic strategy and structural characterization of this new type of macromols. opens the way for the design of functional TASP mols. [on SciFinder (R)]	1995-01-01	Journal of Peptide Science
10.1109/TAP.2022.3213907	Multipolar Modeling of Spatially Dispersive Metasurfaces	There is today a growing need to accurately model the angular scattering response of metasurfaces for optical analog processing applications. However, the current metasurface modeling techniques are not well suited for such a task since they are limited to small angular spectrum transformations, as shall be demonstrated. The goal of this work is to overcome this limitation by improving the modeling accuracy of these techniques and, specifically, to provide a better description of the angular response of metasurfaces. This is achieved by extending the current methods, which are restricted to dipolar responses and weak spatially dispersive effects, so as to include quadrupolar responses and higher-order spatially dispersive components. The accuracy of the newly derived multipolar model is demonstrated by predicting the angular scattering of a dielectric metasurface placed in a vacuum. This results in a modeling accuracy that is substantially better than the standard dipolar model.	2022-12-01	Ieee Transactions On Antennas And Propagation
10.1021/acsami.1c16590	Structural and Compositional Investigations on the Stability of Cuprous Oxide Nanowire Photocathodes for Photoelectrochemical Water Splitting	Cuprous oxide (Cu2O) is a promising photocathode material for photoelectrochemical (PEC) water splitting. Recently, the PEC performances of Cu2O-based devices have been considerably improved by introducing nanostructures, semiconductor overlayers, and hydrogen evolution reaction (HER) catalysts. However, Cu2O devices still suffer from poor stability in aqueous solution, especially in strong acidic or alkaline conditions, despite the use of an intrinsically stable oxide overlayer as a protection layer. Thus, it is essential to fully understand the stability of the entire Cu2O photocathodes in these conditions for establishing suitable protection strategies to achieve durable PEC water splitting. In this work, the stability of bare and protected Cu2O nanowire (NW) photocathodes was evaluated in detail using microscopy techniques and compositional analyses. The insights gained in this work will guide the design and synthesis of durable photoelectrodes for PEC water splitting.	2021-11-24	Acs Applied Materials & Interfaces
10.1016/j.crci.2005.06.037	Photovoltaic performance and long-term stability of dye-sensitized mesoscopic solar cells	The efficiency of electric power generation by dye-sensitized mesoscopic photovoltaic cells has been progressing steadily over the last years reaching now 11% in full sunlight. An important question for practical applications concerns the stability of these devices under prolonged exposure to light or heat. Strikingly stable operation can be obtained by judicious selection of the sensitizer, electrolyte and sealant rendering feasible a service life of at least 20 years under normal outdoor conditions. The sensitizer playing a central role in the light energy conversion process, we analyze the kinetic requirements for it to sustain the required one hundred million turnovers. We also review recent results on the use of self-assembled monolayers of amphiphilic sensitizers and co-adsorbents to enhance the thermal robustness of the device.	2006-01-01	Comptes Rendus Chimie
10.1137/15M1010506	Riemannian Optimization For High-Dimensional Tensor Completion	Tensor completion aims to reconstruct a high-dimensional data set where the vast majority of entries is missing. The assumption of low-rank structure in the underlying original data allows us to cast the completion problem into an optimization problem restricted to the manifold of fixed-rank tensors. Elements of this smooth embedded submanifold can be efficiently represented in the tensor train or matrix product states format with storage complexity scaling linearly with the number of dimensions. We present a nonlinear conjugate gradient scheme within the framework of Riemannian optimization which exploits this favorable scaling. Numerical experiments and comparison to existing methods show the effectiveness of our approach for the approximation of multivariate functions. Finally, we show that our algorithm can obtain competitive reconstructions from uniform random sampling of few entries compared to adaptive sampling techniques such as cross-approximation.	2016-01-01	Siam Journal On Scientific Computing
10.1023/A:1006540518676	Mineral induced formation of pentose-2,4-bisphosphates	Formation of racemic pentose-2,4-bisphosphates is demonstrated, starting from glycolaldehyde phosphate and glyceraldehyde-2-phosphate, and induced by mixed valence double layer metal hydroxide minerals. The reactions proceed from dil. aq. reactant solns. (1.5 mM) at near neutral pH. Conditions have been established, where ribose-2,4-bisphosphate is the major product (.apprx. 48%) among the pentose-2,4-bisphosphates, which are formed with up to 25% yield. [on SciFinder (R)]	1999-01-01	Origins of Life and Evolution of the Biosphere
10.1021/ml300385q	Synthesis and Antimycobacterial Activity of 2,1 '-Dihydropyridomycins	Dihydropyridomycins 2 and 3, which lack the characteristic enol ester moiety of the potent antimycobacterial natural product pyridomycin (1), have been prepared from L-Thr, R- and S-hydroxy isovaleric acid, and 3-pyridinecarboxaldehyde. The 2R isomer 2 shows only 4-fold lower anti-Mtb activity than 1, indicating that the enol ester moiety in the natural product is not critical for its biological activity. This finding establishes 2 as a potent and more practical lead for anti-TB drug discovery.	2013-01-01	Acs Medicinal Chemistry Letters
10.1038/nri998	Hide, shield and strike back: how HIV-infected cells avoid immune eradication	Viruses that induce chronic infections can evade immune responses. HIV is a prototype of this class of pathogen. Not only does it mutate rapidly and make its surface components difficult to access by neutralizing antibodies, but it also creates cellular hideouts, establishes proviral latency, removes cell-surface receptors and destroys immune effectors to escape eradication. A better understanding of these strategies might lead to new approaches in the fight against AIDS.	2003-01-01	Nat Rev Immunol
10.1016/0022-2364(90)90381-I	Double selective inversion in NMR and multiple quantum effects in coupled spin systems	Difficulties are described which are encountered in NMR spectroscopy when attempting to invert simultaneously several multiplets that comprise transitions which share common energy levels. These problems turn out to be due to the undesirable excitation of multiple-quantum coherences. The discussion of these effects is limited to inversion with 2 simultaneous 180 Deg pulses having time-domain envelopes given either by simple rectangular box functions or by so-called G3 Gaussian pulse cascades. [on SciFinder (R)]	1990-01-01	Journal of Magnetic Resonance
10.1029/2019GB006495	Delineating the Continuum of Dissolved Organic Matter in Temperate River Networks	The origin and reactivity of dissolved organic matter (DOM) have received attention for decades due to the key role DOM plays in global carbon cycling and the ecology of aquatic systems. However, DOM dynamics in river networks remain unresolved, hampered by the lack of data integrating the spatial and temporal dimensions inherent to riverine ecosystems. Here we examine the longitudinal patterns of dissolved organic carbon (DOC) concentration and DOM chemical diversity along a temperate river network under different hydrological conditions, encompassing small headwater streams to the river mouth and base flow to storm events. We show that, during nonstorm conditions, the concentration of DOC and the chemical diversity of DOM exhibit their maxima in the middle section of the network, depicting a bell-shaped pattern along the river continuum. In contrast, DOM shows a homogeneous longitudinal pattern during storm events, with highly concentrated and diverse DOM along the river network. We posit that these emerging patterns result from changes in the relative influence of catchment versus in-stream biogeochemical processes along the river continuum and that the degree of influence is modulated by river network hydrology. Based on these findings we put forward the "Bending DOM Concept," a new conceptual framework around which testable hypotheses on the spatiotemporal dynamics of DOM and the functioning of temperate river networks may be formulated.	2020-08-01	Global Biogeochemical Cycles
10.1088/1361-648X/aa893d	Extracting the interfacial free energy and anisotropy from a smooth fluctuating dividing surface	Interfaces between different materials and phases play a crucial role in many physical and chemical phenomena. When performing simulations of matter at the atomic scale, however, it is often not trivial to characterize these interfaces, particularly when they are rough or diffuse. Here we discuss a generalization of a construction, due to Willard and Chandler, that allows one to obtain a smooth dividing surface that follows the irregular, ever changing shape of these fluctuating interfaces. We show how this construction can be used to study the surface that separates a solid material from its melt and how analyses of the Fourier modes for the capillary fluctuations of this instantaneous dividing surface can be performed. This particular analysis is useful as one can compute the specific free energy excess of the interface, and its dependence on orientation relative to the bulk phases, from the average amplitude of the Fourier modes. We therefore discuss the efficiency of this approach, both in terms of system size and statistical sampling.	2017-01-01	Journal Of Physics-Condensed Matter
10.1021/acs.analchem.7b03820	Bacterial Whole Cell Typing by Mass Spectra Pattern Matching with Bootstrapping Assessment	Bacterial typing is of great importance in clinical diagnosis, environmental monitoring, food safety analysis, and biological research. Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry (MALDI-MS) is now widely used to analyze bacterial samples. Identification of bacteria at the species level can be realized by matching the mass spectra of samples against a library of mass spectra of known bacteria. Nevertheless, in order to reasonably type bacteria, identification accuracy should be further improved. Herein, we propose a new framework to the identification and assessment for MALDI-MS based bacterial analysis. Our approach combines new measures for spectra similarity and a novel bootstrapping assessment. We tested our approach on a general data set containing the mass spectra of 1741 strains of bacteria and another challenging data set containing 250 strains, including 40 strains in the Bacillus cereus group that were previously claimed to be impossible to resolve by MALDI-MS. With the bootstrapping assessment, we achieved much more reliable predictions at both the genus and species level, and enabled to resolve the Bacillus cereus group. To the best of the authors’ knowledge, our method is the first to provide a statistical assessment to MALDI-MS based bacterial typing that could lead to more reliable bacterial typing.	2017-01-01	Analytical Chemistry
10.1109/TIM.2023.3342233	A Two-Wired High Input Impedance and High CMRR Active Electrode Insensitive to Component Mismatch	This article proposes a new two-wired amplifying active electrode (AE), presenting a high input impedance and a high common-mode rejection ratio (CMRR). In the proposed structure, the input impedance and the CMRR of the system are considerably increased by extracting the body common-mode (CM) signal and applying it to AEs. Moreover, the CMRR of the proposed structure is less sensitive to the mismatch existing between voltage gains of different AEs. In addition, the power-to-noise efficiency of the system is improved because the proposed circuit presents a high-voltage gain. A prototype is implemented using discrete components for electrocardiogram (ECG) recording, while the employed passive components are selected to have a voltage gain of 100 with 1% tolerance. The measurement results show that the proposed structure achieves a 107-dB CMRR at the fundamental power-line frequency (i.e., 50 Hz) with a 1.2-M Omega source impedance unbalance. Moreover, it presents an input-referred noise voltage equal to 1.6 mu V-RMS in a 0.5-100-Hz bandwidth and an input capacitance of only 2 fF.	2024-01-01	Ieee Transactions On Instrumentation And Measurement
10.1051/0004-6361/201527846	Deep observation of the NGC1275 region with MAGIC: search of diffuse gamma-ray emission from cosmic rays in the Perseus cluster	Clusters of galaxies are expected to be reservoirs of cosmic rays (CRs) that should produce diffuse gamma-ray emission due to their hadronic interactions with the intra-cluster medium. The nearby Perseus cool-core cluster, identified as the most promising target to search for such an emission, has been observed with the MAGIC telescopes at very-high energies (VHE, E greater than or similar to 100GeV) for a total of 253 h from 2009 to 2014. The active nuclei of NGC1275, the central dominant galaxy of the cluster, and IC310, lying at about 0.6 degrees from the centre, have been detected as point-like VHE gamma-ray emitters during the first phase of this campaign. We report an updated measurement of the NGC1275 spectrum, which is described well by a power law with a photon index Gamma = 3.6 +/- 0.2(stat) +/- 0.2(syst) between 90GeV and 1200 GeV. We do not detect any diffuse gamma-ray emission from the cluster and so set stringent constraints on its CR population. To bracket the uncertainties over the CR spatial and spectral distributions, we adopt different spatial templates and power-law spectral indexes alpha. For alpha = 2.2, the CR-to-thermal pressure within the cluster virial radius is constrained to be less than or similar to 1-2%, except if CRs can propagate out of the cluster core, generating a flatter radial distribution and releasing the CR-to-thermal pressure constraint to less than or similar to 20%. Assuming that the observed radio mini-halo of Perseus is generated by secondary electrons from CR hadronic interactions, we can derive lower limits on the central magnetic field, B-0, that depend on the CR distribution. For alpha = 2.2, B-0 greater than or similar to 5-8 mu G, which is below the similar to 25 mu G inferred from Faraday rotation measurements, whereas for alpha less than or similar to 2.1, the hadronic interpretation of the diffuse radio emission contrasts with our gamma-ray flux upper limits independently of the magnetic field strength.	2016-01-01	Astronomy & Astrophysics
10.1002/icd.544	Computational models in the debate over language learnability	Computational models have played a central role in the debate over language learnability. This article discusses how they have been used in different stances, from generative views to more recently introduced explanatory frameworks based on embodiment, cognitive development and cultural evolution. By digging into the details of certain specific models, we show how they organize, transform and rephrase defining questions about what makes language learning possible for children. Finally, we present a tentative synthesis to recast the debate using the notion of learning bias.	2008-01-01	Infant and Child Development
10.1038/s41467-021-21973-z	High-yield, wafer-scale fabrication of ultralow-loss, dispersion-engineered silicon nitride photonic circuits	Low-loss photonic integrated circuits and microresonators have enabled a wide range of applications, such as narrow-linewidth lasers and chip-scale frequency combs. To translate these into a widespread technology, attaining ultralow optical losses with established foundry manufacturing is critical. Recent advances in integrated Si3N4 photonics have shown that ultralow-loss, dispersion-engineered microresonators with quality factors Q>10x10(6) can be attained at die-level throughput. Yet, current fabrication techniques do not have sufficiently high yield and performance for existing and emerging applications, such as integrated travelling-wave parametric amplifiers that require meter-long photonic circuits. Here we demonstrate a fabrication technology that meets all requirements on wafer-level yield, performance and length scale. Photonic microresonators with a mean Q factor exceeding 30x10(6), corresponding to 1.0 dBm(-1) optical loss, are obtained over full 4-inch wafers, as determined from a statistical analysis of tens of thousands of optical resonances, and confirmed via cavity ringdown with 19 ns photon storage time. The process operates over large areas with high yield, enabling 1-meter-long spiral waveguides with 2.4 dBm(-1) loss in dies of only 5x5 mm(2) size. Using a response measurement self-calibrated via the Kerr nonlinearity, we reveal that the intrinsic absorption-limited Q factor of our Si3N4 microresonators can exceed 2x10(8). This absorption loss is sufficiently low such that the Kerr nonlinearity dominates the microresonator's response even in the audio frequency band. Transferring this Si3N4 technology to commercial foundries can significantly improve the performance and capabilities of integrated photonics. For widespread technological application of nonlinear photonic integrated circuits, ultralow optical losses and high fabrication throughput are required. Here, the authors present a CMOS fabrication technique that realizes integrate photonic microresonators on waver-level with mean quality factors exceeding 30 million and 1 dB/m optical losses.	2021-04-16	Nature Communications
10.1016/j.apcata.2017.05.015	Highly selective immobilized bimetallic Ni-Au nanoparticle catalyst for the partial hydrogenation of m-dinitrobenzene	Transition metal nanoparticles (NPs) are extensively used as catalysts for a wide and diverse range of organic transformations when immobilized on appropriate solid supports. We describe the development of a highly active and highly selective heterogeneous catalyst based on Ni-Au NPs supported on activated carbon fibers (ACFs) for the partial reduction of m-dinitrobenzene (m-DNB) to m-nitroaniline (m-NAN), an important platform chemical used in the synthesis of dyes and polymers. Initially, Ni NPs with narrow size distribution and ranging from 2 to 14 nm were prepared with poly-N-vinyl-2-pyrrolidone (PVP) as a stabilizer. Evaluation of the NPs as catalysts in the liquid-phase hydrogenation of m-dinitrobenzene led to the establishment of an antipathetic structure sensitivity, i.e. the larger NPs displayed a 6-fold higher turnover frequency than the smaller NPs. The selectivity to the target m-NAN product is independent of the size of the Ni NPs, possibly due to preferential PVP absorption of the NP edges and vertices. Consequently, Ni NPs of 2 nm were supported on ACFs and residual PVP was removed by a ultra-violet ozone (UVO) treatment, rendering a highly selective structured catalyst that affords m-NAN in almost 96% yield. A two-site (plane vs. edge Ni-atoms) Langmuir-Hinshelwood kinetic model is consistent with the experimental kinetic data confirming that low-coordination atoms (edges and vertices) are responsible for selective reaction. Consequently, we prepared bimetallic Ni-Au NPs (Ni:Au = 1:1) aiming to generate Ni surface sites mimicking the properties of edge and vertex atoms. The resulting UVO-treated Ni-Au NPs of 3 nm immobilized on ACFs afford m-NAN with a yield exceeding 98%. Such a high yield appears to be unprecedented and shows how careful nanocatalyst design, guided by detailed structural characterization and mechanistic studied, can lead to highly selective catalysts of industrial relevance.	2017-01-01	Applied Catalysis A-General
10.1103/PhysRevB.75.125211	Surface characterization of MnxGe1-x and CryMnxGe1-x-y dilute magnetic semiconductors	We have used x-ray photoemission electron microscopy (XPEEM) and x-ray absorption spectroscopy (XAS) to characterize MnxGe1-x and CryMnxGe1-x-y films grown by molecular beam epitaxy. The surface layers of the as-grown films probed by XPEEM present segregation of Mn-rich phases. XAS using both total electron yield and fluorescence yield detection shows that the films are heavily oxidized after exposure to air. Etching in HF and HCl can be used to reduce oxidation, but inhomogeneities in the surface composition might not be completely eliminated depending on the Mn concentration. X-ray magnetic circular dichroism (XMCD) measurements reveal that neither the etched nor the as-grown films present remanent ferromagnetic behavior down to a temperature of 5 K within the probing depth of the fluorescence yield (similar to 20 nm). Mn is paramagnetic in both the oxidized and etched samples, with an increased tendency to order magnetically toward the interior of the films. Cr in CryMnxGe1-x-y possesses a paramagnetic moment only in the oxidized form. A comparison of the XAS line shapes obtained in the present study with those of Mn impurities deposited on Ge and GaAs surfaces demonstrates that the interpretation of XAS spectra of Mn-doped dilute magnetic semiconductors in the literature is often affected by residual oxidation.	2007-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1038/ncomms12595	Stratification and therapeutic potential of PML in metastatic breast cancer	Patient stratification has been instrumental for the success of targeted therapies in breast cancer. However, the molecular basis of metastatic breast cancer and its therapeutic vulnerabilities remain poorly understood. Here we show that PML is a novel target in aggressive breast cancer. The acquisition of aggressiveness and metastatic features in breast tumours is accompanied by the elevated PML expression and enhanced sensitivity to its inhibition. Interestingly, we find that STAT3 is responsible, at least in part, for the transcriptional upregulation of PML in breast cancer. Moreover, PML targeting hampers breast cancer initiation and metastatic seeding. Mechanistically, this biological activity relies on the regulation of the stem cell gene SOX9 through interaction of PML with its promoter region. Altogether, we identify a novel pathway sustaining breast cancer aggressiveness that can be therapeutically exploited in combination with PML-based stratification.	2016-01-01	Nature Communications
10.1109/Tifs.2014.2318435	Privacy-Preserving Optimal Meeting Location Determination on Mobile Devices	Equipped with state-of-the-art smartphones and mobile devices, today's highly interconnected urban population is increasingly dependent on these gadgets to organize and plan their daily lives. These applications often rely on current (or preferred) locations of individual users or a group of users to provide the desired service, which jeopardizes their privacy; users do not necessarily want to reveal their current (or preferred) locations to the service provider or to other, possibly untrusted, users. In this paper, we propose privacy-preserving algorithms for determining an optimal meeting location for a group of users. We perform a thorough privacy evaluation by formally quantifying privacy-loss of the proposed approaches. In order to study the performance of our algorithms in a real deployment, we implement and test their execution efficiency on Nokia smartphones. By means of a targeted user-study, we attempt to get an insight into the privacy-awareness of users in location-based services and the usability of the proposed solutions.	2014-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security
10.1002/jbio.202300375	Rapid low-cost hyperspectral imaging system for quantitative assessment of infantile hemangioma	Hemangioma, the predominant benign tumor occurring in infancy, exhibits a wide range of prognoses and associated outcomes. The accurate determination of prognosis through noninvasive imaging modalities holds essential importance in enabling effective personalized treatment strategies and minimizing unnecessary surgical interventions for individual patients. The present study focuses on advancing the personalized prognosis of hemangioma by leveraging noninvasive optical sensing technologies by the development of a novel rapid hyperspectral sensor (image collection in 5 s, lateral resolution of 10 mu m) that is capable of quantifying hemoglobin oxygenation and vascularization dynamics during the course of tumor evolution. We have developed a quantitative parameter for hemangioma assessment, that demonstrated agreement with the clinician's conclusion in 90% among all cases during clinical studies on six patients, who visited clinician from two to four times. The presented methodology has potential to be implemented as a supportive tool for accurate hemangioma diagnostics in clinics.|A handheld low-cost device for infantile hemangioma imaging allows quantitative analysis of the lesion's changes in time.image	2023-12-09	Journal Of Biophotonics
10.3390/coatings10090820	Towards Quantitative Interpretation of Fourier-Transform Photocurrent Spectroscopy on Thin-Film Solar Cells	The method of detecting deep defects in photovoltaic materials by Fourier-Transform Photocurrent Spectroscopy has gone through continuous development during the last two decades. Still, giving quantitative predictions of photovoltaic device performance is a challenging task. As new materials appear, a prediction of potentially achievable open-circuit voltage with respect to bandgap is highly desirable. From thermodynamics, a prediction can be made based on the radiative limit, neglecting non-radiative recombination and carrier transport effects. Beyond this, more accurate analysis has to be done. First, the absolute defect density has to be calculated, taking into account optical effects, such as absorption enhancement, due to scattering. Secondly, the electrical effect of thickness variation has to be addressed. We analyzed a series of state-of-the-art hydrogenated amorphous silicon solar cells of different thicknesses at different states of light soaking degradation. Based on a combination of empirical results with optical, electrical and thermodynamic simulations, we provide a predictive model of the open-circuit voltage of a device with a given defect density and absorber thickness. We observed that, rather than the defect density or thickness alone, it is their product or the total number of defects, that matters. Alternatively, including defect absorption into the thermodynamic radiative limit gives close upper bounds to the open-circuit voltage with the advantage of a much easier evaluation.	2020-08-25	Coatings
10.1109/Twc.2014.020914.130669	Joint Power Allocation and Path Selection for Multi-Hop Noncoherent Decode and Forward UWB Communications	With the aim of extending the coverage and improving the performance of impulse radio ultra-wideband (UWB) systems, this paper focuses on developing a novel single differential encoded decode and forward (DF) non-cooperative relaying scheme (NCR). To favor simple receiver structures, differential noncoherent detection is employed which enables effective energy capture without any channel estimation. Putting emphasis on the general case of multi-hop relaying, we illustrate an original algorithm for the joint power allocation and path selection (JPAPS), minimizing an approximate expression of the overall bit error rate (BER). In particular, after deriving a closed-form power allocation strategy, the optimal path selection is reduced to a shortest path problem on a connected graph, which can be solved without any topology information with complexity O(N-3), N being the number of available relays of the network. An approximate scheme is also presented, which reduces the complexity to O(N-2) while showing a negligible performance loss, and for benchmarking purposes, an exhaustive-search based multi-hop DF cooperative strategy is derived. Simulation results for various network setups corroborate the effectiveness of the proposed low-complexity JPAPS algorithm, which favorably compares to existing AF and DF relaying methods.	2014-01-01	Ieee Transactions On Wireless Communications
10.1109/LCSYS.2023.3282987	Physically Consistent Multiple-Step Data-Driven Predictions Using Physics-Based Filters	Data-driven control can facilitate the rapid development of controllers, offering an alternative to conventional approaches. In order to maintain consistency between any known underlying physical laws and a data-driven decision-making process, preprocessing of raw data is necessary to account for measurement noise and any inconsistencies it may introduce. In this letter, we present a physics-based filter to achieve this and demonstrate its effectiveness through practical applications, using real-world datasets collected in a building on the ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne (EPFL) campus. Two distinct use cases are explored: indoor temperature control and demand response bidding.	2023-01-01	Ieee Control Systems Letters
10.1021/acs.macromol.9b02475	Block Copolymer-Nanorod Co-assembly in Thin Films: Effects of Rod-Rod Interaction and Confinement	Simulations and experiments of nanorods (NRs) show that co-assembly with block copolymer (BCP) melts leads to the formation of a superstructure of side-to-side NRs perpendicular to the lamellar axis. A mesoscopic model is validated against scanning electron microscopy (SEM) images of CdSe NRs mixed with polystyrene-block-poly(methyl methacrylate). It is then used to study the co-assembly of anisotropic nanoparticles (NPs) with a length in the same order of magnitude as the lamellar spacing. The phase diagram of BCP/NP is explored as well as the time evolution of the NR. NRs that are slightly larger than the lamellar spacing are found to rotate and organize side-to-side with a tilted orientation with respect to the interface. Strongly interacting NPs are found to dominate the co-assembly, while weakly interacting nanoparticles are less prone to form aggregates and tend to form well-ordered configurations.	2020-04-28	Macromolecules
10.1002/ejoc.200500670	Asymmetric synthesis of the polyol subunit of the polyene macrolide antibiotic RK-397	A total asymmetric synthesis of the polyol subunit of the polyene macrolide antibiotic RK-397 was developed through the stereoselective functionalization of (1R,1’S,6S,6’R)-3,3’-methylenebis(cyclohept-3-ene-1,6-diol). The pathway generates a large variety of stereoisomeric intermediates and thus can be applied to the preparation of analogues of the natural antibiotic.	2006-01-01	European journal of organic chemistry
10.1016/0921-4526(94)91670-5	Current-Induced Resistive States in Superconducting Films	We present an experimental study of the current induced destruction of superconductivity in cylindrical indium films. The most interesting aspect of these experiments is the possibility to observe and investigate different mechanisms of the superconductivity destruction depending on the ratio of the sample thickness d to the coherence length xi(T). If d/xi(T)<4.5 we observe, above a critical current value, a resistive state throughout the section of the film, but in the case of d/xi(T)>4.5 the destruction of superconductivity starts, as in bulk samples, with the formation of a normal shell along the outer surface of the cylindrical sample together with a thin layer of the two-dimensional mixed state at the inner surface.	1994-01-01	Physica B
10.1038/s41467-023-43197-z	Nickel-catalyzed direct stereoselective α-allylation of ketones with non-conjugated dienes	The development of efficient and sustainable methods for the construction of carbon-carbon bonds with the simultaneous stereoselective generation of vicinal stereogenic centers is a longstanding goal in organic chemistry. Low-valent nickel(0) complexes which promote alpha-functionalization of carbonyls leveraging its pro-nucleophilic character in conjunction with suitable olefin acceptors are scarce. We report a Ni(0)NHC catalyst which selectively converts ketones and non-conjugated dienes to synthetically highly valuable alpha-allylated products. The catalyst directly activates the alpha-hydrogen atom of the carbonyl substrate transferring it to the olefin acceptor. The transformation creates adjacent quaternary and tertiary stereogenic centers in a highly diastereoselective and enantioselective manner. Computational studies indicate the ability of the Ni(0)NHC catalyst to trigger a ligand-to-ligand hydrogen transfer process from the ketone alpha-hydrogen atom to the olefin substrate, setting the selectivity of the process. The shown selective functionalization of the alpha-C-H bond of carbonyl groups by the Ni(0)NHC catalyst opens up new opportunities to exploit sustainable 3d-metal catalysis for a stereoselective access to valuable chiral building blocks.|Low-valent nickel(0) complexes that promote alpha-functionalization of carbonyls leveraging its pro-nucleophilic character in conjunction with olefin acceptors are very scarce despite their attractivity. Here, the authors report a Ni(0)NHC catalyst which converts ketones and non-conjugated dienes to synthetically highly valuable alpha-allylated products.	2023-11-22	Nature Communications
10.1029/2023GC011390	High Sodium Solubility in Magnesiowüstite in Iron-Rich Deep Lower Mantle	(Mg,Fe)O ferropericlase-magnesiow & uuml;stite has been proposed to host the majority of Earth's sodium, but the mechanism and capacity for incorporating the alkali cation remain unclear. In this work, experiments in the laser-heated diamond anvil cell and first-principles calculations determine the solubility of sodium and favorability of sodium incorporation in iron-rich magnesiow & uuml;stite relative to (Mg,Fe)SiO3 bridgmanite. Reaction of Mg/(Mg + Fe) (Mg#) 55 and 28 olivine with NaCl at 33-128 GPa and 1600-3000 K produces iron-rich magnesiow & uuml;stite containing several percent sodium, while iron-rich bridgmanite contains little to no detectable sodium. In sodium-saturated magnesiow & uuml;stite, sodium number [Na/(Na + Mg + Fe)] is 2-5 atomic percent at pressures below 60 GPa and drastically increases to 10-20 atomic percent at deep lower mantle pressures. For these two compositions, there is no significant dependence of the results on Mg#. Our calculations not only show consistent results with experiments but further indicate that such an increase in solubility and partitioning of Na into magnesiow & uuml;stite is driven by the spin transition in iron. These results provide fundamental constraints on the crystal chemistry of sodium at lower-mantle conditions. If the sodium capacity of (Mg,Fe)O is not strongly dependent on Mg#, (Mg,Fe)O in the lower mantle may have the capacity to store the entire sodium budget of the Earth.|Sodium is among the most abundant elements on the Earth, but where it can be stored in the Earth's largest layer, the lower mantle, has not been understood. Whether sodium dissolves into the most common minerals in the mantle affects the interpretation of the Earth's composition and structure. This study uses experiments and computer simulations of reactions of sodium with the two most common minerals in the lower mantle to determine how much sodium can be dissolved in the mantle. Both methods show that enough sodium can dissolve into magnesium-iron oxide, called ferropericlase or magnesiow & uuml;stite, to store all of the Earth's sodium budget. The amount of sodium that dissolves into this mineral increases with depth in the Earth because of a change in the arrangement of electrons around iron, which takes part in the chemical reaction with sodium.|Experiments show that sodium strongly partitions to (Mg,Fe)O magnesiow & uuml;stite and is not incorporated in bridgmanite Sodium is soluble in iron-rich (Mg,Fe)O in the deep lower mantle at multiple percent level First-principle calculations show that spin transition in (Mg,Fe)O drives a pressure-driven increase in sodium solubility	2024-06-01	Geochemistry Geophysics Geosystems
10.1053/j.gastro.2016.10.002	A System for In Vivo Imaging of Hepatic Free Fatty Acid Uptake	Alterations in hepatic free fatty acid (FFA) uptake and metabolism contribute to the development of prevalent liver disorders such as hepatosteatosis. However, detecting dynamic changes in FFA uptake by the liver in live model organisms has proven difficult. To enable noninvasive real-time imaging of FFA flux in the liver, we generated transgenic mice with liver-specific expression of luciferase and performed bioluminescence imaging with an FFA probe. Our approach enabled us to observe the changes in FFA hepatic uptake under different physiological conditions in live animals. By using this method, we detected a decrease in FFA accumulation in the liver after mice were given injections of deoxycholic acid and an increase after they were fed fenofibrate. In addition, we observed diurnal regulation of FFA hepatic uptake in living mice. Our imaging system appears to be a useful and reliable tool for studying the dynamic changes in hepatic FFA flux in models of liver disease.	2017-01-01	Gastroenterology
10.1038/s41557-021-00698-y	C-C bond activation enabled by dyotropic rearrangement of Pd(iv) species	The weak carbon-metal bond combined with the kinetic inertness of the carbon-carbon bond renders metal-catalysed C-C bond activation to be highly challenging. Most of the reported C-C bond activation methodologies involve strain-releasing cleavage of small rings to compensate for unfavourable kinetic and thermodynamic penalties associated with C-C bond cleavage. Here we report that the 1,2-positional interchange of vicinal C-C and C-Pd(iv) bonds (dyotropic rearrangement) can be realized in a stereospecific manner under mild conditions, giving access to quaternary carbon-palladium bonds. An enantioselective synthesis of medicinally relevant fluorinated cyclopentanes, featuring this rearrangement as a key step, has been developed. We anticipate that implementing a Pd-based dyotropic rearrangement in reaction design could provide a new tool in the development of Pd-catalysed transformations.	2021-05-24	Nature Chemistry
10.1109/TIP.2017.2706521	High-Quality Parallel-Ray x-Ray CT Back Projection Using Optimized Interpolation	We propose a new, cost-efficient method for computing back projections in parallel-ray X-ray CT. Forward and back projections are the basis of almost all X-ray CT reconstruction methods, but computing these accurately is costly. In the special case of parallel-ray geometry, it turns out that reconstruction requires back projection only. One approach to accelerate the back projection is through interpolation: fit a continuous representation to samples of the desired signal, then sample it at the required locations. Instead, we propose applying a prefilter that has the effect of orthogonally projecting the underlying signal onto the space spanned by the interpolator, which can significantly improve the quality of the interpolation. We then build on this idea by using oblique projection, which simplifies the computation while giving effectively the same improvement in quality. Our experiments on analytical phantoms show that this refinement can improve the reconstruction quality for both filtered back projection and iterative reconstruction in the high-quality regime, i.e., with low noise and many measurements.	2017-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Image Processing
10.1029/97Jc01861	Boundary versus internal diapycnal mixing in stratified natural waters	Using the fluorescent dye uranin, tracer release experiments to study the contribution of bottom boundary mixing to diapycnal transport in stratified natural waters were performed in Lake Alpnach (central Switzerland) during 1992-1995. A first experiment involved injecting the tracer from a point source into the center of the hypolimnion (that part of the lake below the surface mixed layer). An in situ fluorometer was then employed to detect the horizontal and vertical spreading of the tracer cloud, allowing rates of diapycnal diffusivity to be determined. As long as the tracer was confined to the interior water region, the diapycnal diffusivity was relatively small. However, after the tracer cloud had reached the lake boundary, the diapycnal diffusivity increased by approximately one order of magnitude. In a second experiment, the tracer was released near the sediment-water interface. In this case the dynamics of vertical tracer spreading were opposite. During the first few hours after tracer release, diapycnal diffusivities were large, subsequently decreasing as the tracer cloud drifted away from the lake boundary. Basin-wide diapycnal diffusivities calculated from heat flux measurements based on temperature profiles obtained from thermistor chains or conductivity-temperature-depth casts agreed well with the values obtained from the vertical tracer diffusion after horizontal homogenization. The results of the tracer experiments corroborate the hypothesis that diapycnal fluxes are determined predominantly by mixing in the bottom boundary region.	1997-01-01	Journal Of Geophysical Research-Oceans
10.1016/j.elspec.2021.147090	Photoinduced long-lived state in FeSe0.4Te0.6	Fe(Sex)Te(1-)x compounds display a rich phase diagram, ranging from the nematicity of FeSe to the (pi, pi) magnetism of FeTe. We focus on FeSe0.4Te0.6, and exploit tr-ARPES to study its ultrafast electron dynamics following photoexcitation by near-infrared pump pulses. By exploiting probe-polarization-dependent matrix element effects, we reveal a photoinduced long-lived state, lasting for a few tens of picoseconds, showing features compatible with a nematic state. The possibility to induce a long-lived state in this compound by using ultra-short pulses might shed a new light on the driving force behind the nematic symmetry breaking in iron-based superconductors. With the aid of a phenomenological model, we illustrate how our results possibly question the common belief that a low-energy coupling with fluctuations is a necessary condition to stabilize the nematic order. On the contrary, the tendency towards orbital differentiation due to strong electronic correlations induced by the Hund's coupling could be at the origin of the nematic order in iron-based superconductors.	2021-07-01	Journal Of Electron Spectroscopy And Related Phenomena
10.3390/mi10090611	A Monolithic Gimbal Micro-Mirror Fabricated and Remotely Tuned with a Femtosecond Laser	With the advent of ultrafast lasers, new manufacturing techniques have come into existence. In micromachining, the use of femtosecond lasers not only offers the possibility for three-dimensional monolithic fabrication inside a single optically transparent material, but also a means for remotely, and arbitrarily, deforming substrates with nanometer resolution. Exploiting this principle and combining it with flexure design, we demonstrate a monolithic micro-mirror entirely made with a femtosecond laser and whose orientation is tuned in a non-contact manner by exposing some part of the device to low energy femtosecond pulses. Given the non-contact nature of the process, the alignment can be very precisely controlled with a resolution that is many orders of magnitude better than conventional techniques based on mechanical positioners.	2019-09-01	Micromachines
10.1016/S0378-7788(00)00103-1	Experimental assessment of bi-directional transmission distribution functions using digital imaging techniques	Many daylighting applications require a precise knowledge of the directional transmission features of advanced fenestration materials. These photometric properties are described by a bi-directional transmission distribution function (BTDF), whose experimental assessment requires an appropriate equipment. A novel bi-directional photogoniometer, based on digital imaging techniques, has been designed and developed for that purpose. The main advantages of this device are the significant reduction of the time required for data measurement and its capability to assess an almost continuous BTDF function. These features can be achieved only through detailed and accurate calibration procedures of the bi-directional photogoniometer, which are described in this paper, together with digital image and data processing. Several experimental results, obtained for different fenestration materials, are used to illustrate the capabilities of this novel equipment.	2001-01-01	Energy & Buildings
10.1103/PhysRevFluids.5.083901	Optimal spanwise-periodic control for recirculation length in a backward-facing step flow	Three-dimensional control is considered in the flow past a backward-facing step (BFS). The BFS flow at Reynolds number Re = 500 (defined with the step height and the maximum inlet velocity) is two-dimensional and linearly stable but increasingly receptive to disturbances, with a potential for amplification as the recirculation length increases. We compute optimal spanwise-periodic control (steady wall blowing/suction or wall deformation) for decreasing the recirculation length, based on a second-order sensitivity analysis. Results show that wall-normal velocity control is always more efficient than wall-tangential control. The most efficient spanwise wavelength for the optimal control depends on the location: beta = 0.6 on the upper wall and beta = 1 on the upstream part of the lower wall. The linear amplification of the optimal control resembles the maximum linear gain, which confirms the link between recirculation length and amplification potential in this flow. Sensitivity predictions for blowing/suction amplitudes up to O(10(-3)) and wall deformation amplitudes up to O(10(-2)) are in good agreement with three-dimensional direct numerical simulations. For larger wall deformation amplitudes, the flow becomes unsteady. This study illustrates how the concept of second-order sensitivity and the associated optimization method allow for a systematic exploration of the best candidates for spanwise-periodic control.	2020-08-04	Physical Review Fluids
10.1063/1.4947228	Optofluidics of plants	Optofluidics is a tool for synthesizing optical systems, making use of the interaction of light with fluids. In this paper we explore optofluidic mechanisms that have evolved in plants where sunlight and fluidic control combine to define most of the functionality of the plan. We hope that the presentation of how plants function, from an optofluidics point of view, will open a window for the optics community to the vast literature of plant physiology and provide inspiration for new ideas for the design of bio-mimetic optofluidic devices. (C) 2016 Author(s).	2016-01-01	Apl Photonics
10.1093/ptep/ptt097	High-statistics study of K-S(0) pair production in two-photon collisions	We report a high-statistics measurement of the differential cross section of the process gamma gamma -> (KSKS0)-K-0 in the range 1.05 GeV <= W <= 4.00 GeV, where W is the center-of-mass energy of the colliding photons, using 972 fb(-1) of data collected with the Belle detector at the KEKB asymmetric-energy e(+)e(-) collider operated at and near the Upsilon-resonance region. The differential cross section is fitted by parameterized S-, D-0-, D-2-, G(0)-, and G(2)-wave amplitudes. In the D-2 wave, the f(2)(1270), a(2)(1320), and f(2)'(1525) are dominant and a resonance, the f(2)(2200), is also present. The f(0)(1710) and possibly the f(0)(2500) are seen in the S wave. The mass, total width, and product of the two-photon partial decay width and decay branching fraction to the K (K) over bar state Gamma(gamma gamma) B(K (K) over bar) are extracted for the f(2)'(1525), f(0)(1710), f(2)(2200), and f(0)(2500). The destructive interference between the f(2)(1270) and a(2)(1320) is confirmed by measuring their relative phase. The parameters of the charmonium states chi(c0) and chi(c2) are updated. Possible contributions from the chi(c0)(2P) and chi(c2)(2P) states are discussed. A new upper limit for the branching fraction of the P- and CP-violating decay channel eta(c) -> (KSKS0)-K-0 is reported. The detailed behavior of the cross section is updated and compared with QCD-based calculations.	2013-01-01	Progress of Theoretical and Experimental Physics
10.1016/j.cmpb.2023.107712	Event-based sampled ECG morphology reconstruction through self-similarity	Background and Objective: Event-based analog-to-digital converters allow for sparse bio-signal acquisition, enabling local sub-Nyquist sampling frequency. However, aggressive event selection can cause the loss of important bio-markers, not recoverable with standard interpolation techniques. In this work, we leverage the self-similarity of the electrocardiogram (ECG) signal to recover missing features in event-based sam-pled ECG signals, dynamically selecting patient-representative templates together with a novel dynamic time warping algorithm to infer the morphology of event-based sampled heartbeats.Methods: We acquire a set of uniformly sampled heartbeats and use a graph-based clustering algorithm to define representative templates for the patient. Then, for each event-based sampled heartbeat, we select the morphologically nearest template, and we then reconstruct the heartbeat with piece-wise linear de-formations of the selected template, according to a novel dynamic time warping algorithm that matches events to template segments.Results: Synthetic tests on a standard normal sinus rhythm dataset, composed of approximately 1.8 million normal heartbeats, show a big leap in performance with respect to standard resampling techniques. In particular (when compared to classic linear resampling), we show an improvement in P-wave detection of up to 10 times, an improvement in T-wave detection of up to three times, and a 30% improvement in the dynamic time warping morphological distance.Conclusion: In this work, we have developed an event-based processing pipeline that leverages signal self -similarity to reconstruct event-based sampled ECG signals. Synthetic tests show clear advantages over classical resampling techniques.& COPY; 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ )	2023-10-01	Computer Methods And Programs In Biomedicine
10.1039/C5EE03255E	Entropic stabilization of mixed A-cation ABX3 metal halide perovskites for high performance perovskite solar cells	ABX(3)-type organic lead halide perovskites currently attract broad attention as light harvesters for solar cells due to their high power conversion efficiency (PCE). Mixtures of formamidinium (FA) with methylammonium (MA) as A-cations show currently the best performance. Apart from offering better solar light harvesting in the near IR the addition of methylammonium stabilizes the perovskite phase of FAPbI(3) which in pure form at room temperature converts to the yellow photovoltaically inactive delta-phase. We observe a similar phenomenon upon adding Cs+ cations to FAPbI(3). CsPbI3 and FAPbI3 both form the undesirable yellow phase under ambient condition while the mixture forms the desired black pervoskite. Solar cells employing the composition Cs(0.2)FA(0.8)PbI(2.84)Br(0.16) yield high average PCEs of over 17% exhibiting negligible hysteresis and excellent long term stability in ambient air. We elucidate here this remarkable behavior using first principle computations. These show that the remarkable stabilization of the perovskite phase by mixing the A-cations stems from entropic gains and the small internal energy input required for the formation of their solid solution. By contrast, the energy of formation of the delta-phase containing mixed cations is too large to be compensated by this configurational entropy increase. Our calculations reveal for the first time the optoelectronic properties of such mixed A-cation perovskites and the underlying reasons for their excellent performance and high stability.	2016-01-01	Energy & Environmental Science
10.7554/eLife.52665	Pathway-, layer- and cell-type-specific thalamic input to mouse barrel cortex	Mouse primary somatosensory barrel cortex (wS1) processes whisker sensory information, receiving input from two distinct thalamic nuclei. The first-order ventral posterior medial (VPM) somatosensory thalamic nucleus most densely innervates layer 4 (L4) barrels, whereas the higher-order posterior thalamic nucleus (medial part, POm) most densely innervates L1 and L5A. We optogenetically stimulated VPM or POm axons, and recorded evoked excitatory postsynaptic potentials (EPSPs) in different cell-types across cortical layers in wS1. We found that excitatory neurons and parvalbumin-expressing inhibitory neurons received the largest EPSPs, dominated by VPM input to L4 and POm input to L5A. In contrast, somatostatin-expressing inhibitory neurons received very little input from either pathway in any layer. Vasoactive intestinal peptide-expressing inhibitory neurons received an intermediate level of excitatory input with less apparent layer-specificity. Our data help understand how wS1 neocortical microcircuits might process and integrate sensory and higher-order inputs.	2019-12-20	Elife
10.1098/rspa.2015.0592	Bright solitons in non-equilibrium coherent quantum matter	We theoretically demonstrate a mechanism for bright soliton generation in spinor non-equilibrium Bose-Einstein condensates made of atoms or quasi-particles such as polaritons in semiconductor microcavities. We give analytical expressions for bright (half) solitons as minimizing functions of a generalized non-conservative Lagrangian elucidating the unique features of inter and intra-competition in non-equilibrium systems. The analytical results are supported by a detailed numerical analysis that further shows the rich soliton dynamics inferred by their instability and mutual cross-interactions.	2016-01-01	Proceedings Of The Royal Society A-Mathematical Physical And Engineering Sciences
10.1016/0022-3093(96)00181-0	On the a-Si:H film growth: The role of the powder formation	Results are presented which are geared towards an understanding of the influence of powder formation during film growth. Plasma chemistry is correlated with the morphology, structure (inferred through infrared spectroscopy, scanning electron microscopy and X-ray diffraction) electro-optical and density of states of intrinsic films deposited under continuous and power modulated operation. Results show that for modulation frequencies where no powder formation occurs and low substrate temperatures T (150 degrees C), silane decomposition gives rise to the growth of inhomogeneous films while in the high modulation frequency regime, at the same temperature, the anions and powder are trapped resulting in films with high deposition rates and low defect density.	1996-01-01	Journal of Non-Crystalline Solids
10.1016/0168-1656(95)00153-0	Systematic improvement of a chemically-defined protein-free medium for hybridoma growth and monoclonal antibody production	A chemically-defined protein-free medium (FMX-Turbodoma) has been improved for the production of monoclonal IgA antibodies by hybridoma cells, using a systematic method. Cell growth rate, IgA production, activity and molecular weight pattern have been used as optimization criteria. Of potentially important supplements, glucose, glutamine, Pluronic acid F-68 as well as several amino acids had significant beneficial effects. A determination of amino acids profiles via HPLC analysis allowed the formulation of a balanced medium. Unbalanced supplementations of amino acids were found undesirable because of the toxicity of some amino acids at high concentration. Compared with the basal medium, the maximum viable cell and final IgA concentrations in the final version of the protein-free medium were increased by 130% and 700%, respectively, whereas the IgA molecular weight pattern and in vitro activity were not affected. The IgA production was even higher than in a serum-containing medium (RPMI 1640 + 10% FCS) and the price of the protein-free medium is about 20% of this serum-containing medium. This makes such a protein-free medium very convenient for laboratory and large-scale production. [on SciFinder (R)]	1996-01-01	Journal of biotechnology
10.1016/j.neuroimage.2013.12.012	Quantitative comparison of cortical surface reconstructions from MP2RAGE and multi-echo MPRAGE data at 3 and 7 T	The Magnetization-Prepared 2 Rapid Acquisition Gradient Echo (MP2RAGE) method achieves spatially uniform contrast across the entire brain between gray matter and surrounding white matter tissue and cerebrospinal fluid by rapidly acquiring data at two points during an inversion recovery, and then combining the two volumes so as to cancel out sources of intensity and contrast bias, making it useful for neuroimaging studies at ultrahigh field strengths ( 7 T). To quantify the effectiveness of the MP2RAGE method for quantitative morphometric neuroimaging, we performed tissue segmentation and cerebral cortical surface reconstruction of the MP2RAGE data and compared the results with those generated from conventional multi-echo MPRAGE (MEMPRAGE) data across a group of healthy subjects. To do so, we developed a preprocessing scheme for the MP2RAGE image data to allow for automatic cortical segmentation and surface reconstruction using FreeSurfer and analysis methods to compare the positioning of the surface meshes. Using image volumes with 1 mm isotropic voxels we found a scan-rescan reproducibility of cortical thickness estimates to be 0.15 mm (or 6%) for the MEMPRAGE data and a slightly lower reproducibility of 0.19 mm (or 8%) for the MP2RAGE data. We also found that the thickness estimates were systematically smaller in the MP2RAGE data, and that both the interior and exterior cortical boundaries estimated from the MP2RAGE data were consistently positioned within the corresponding boundaries estimated from the MEMPRAGE data. Therefore several measureable differences exist in the appearance of cortical gray matter and its effect on automatic segmentation methods that must be considered when choosing an acquisition or segmentation method for studies requiring cortical surface reconstructions. We propose potential extensions to the MP2RAGE method that may help to reduce or eliminate these discrepancies. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2014-01-01	Neuroimage
10.1038/ncomms15390	11% efficiency solid-state dye-sensitized solar cells with copper(II/I) hole transport materials	Solid-state dye-sensitized solar cells currently suffer from issues such as inadequate nanopore filling, low conductivity and crystallization of hole-transport materials infiltrated in the mesoscopic TiO2 scaffolds, leading to low performances. Here we report a record 11% stable solid-state dye-sensitized solar cell under standard air mass 1.5 global using a hole-transport material composed of a blend of [Cu (4,40,6,60-tetramethyl-2,20-bipyridine)2](bis(trifluoromethylsulfonyl)imide)2 and [Cu (4,40,6,60-tetramethyl-2,20 bipyridine)2](bis(trifluoromethylsulfonyl)imide). The amorphous Cu(II/I) conductors that conduct holes by rapid hopping infiltrated in a 6.5 mm-thick mesoscopic TiO2 scaffold are crucial for achieving such high efficiency. Using time-resolved laser photolysis, we determine the time constants for electron injection from the photoexcited sensitizers Y123 into the TiO2 and regeneration of the Y123 by Cu(I) to be 25 ps and 3.2 ms, respectively. Our work will foster the development of low-cost solid-state photovoltaic based on transition metal complexes as hole conductors.	2017-01-01	Nature Communications
10.1016/j.dynatmoce.2013.02.002	A diapycnal diffusivity model for stratified environmental flows	The vertical diffusivity of density, K-rho, regulates ocean circulation, climate and coastal water quality. K-rho is difficult to measure and model in these stratified turbulent flows, resulting in the need for the development of K-rho parameterizations from more readily measurable flow quantities. Typically, K-rho is parameterized from turbulent temperature fluctuations using the Osborn-Cox model or from the buoyancy frequency, N, kinematic viscosity, nu, and the rate of dissipation of turbulent kinetic energy, epsilon, using the Osborn model. More recently, Shih et al. (2005, J. Fluid Mech. 525: 193-214) proposed a laboratory scale parameterization for K-rho, at Prandtl number (ratio of the viscosity over the molecular diffusivity) Pr = 0.7, in terms of the turbulence intensity parameter, Re-b = epsilon/(nu N-2), which is the ratio between the destabilizing effect of turbulence to the stabilizing effects of stratification and viscosity. In the present study, we extend the SKIP parameterization, against extensive sets of published data, over 0.7 < Pr < 700 and validate it at field scale. Our results show that the SKIF model must be modified to include a new Buoyancy-controlled mixing regime, between the Molecular and Transitional regimes, where K-rho is captured using the molecular diffusivity and Osborn model, respectively. The Buoyancy-controlled regime occurs over 10(2/3)Pr(-1/2) < Re-b < (3 ln root Pr)(2), where K-rho = 0.1/Pr-1/4 nu Re-b(3/2) is Pr dependent. This range is shown to be characteristic to lakes and oceans and both the Osborn and Osborn-Cox models systematically underestimate K-rho in this regime. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2013-01-01	Dynamics Of Atmospheres And Oceans
10.1016/j.enbuild.2014.03.074	Passive design strategies and performance of Net Energy Plus Houses	The first step in order to comply with the European Union goals of Near to Zero Energy Buildings is to reduce the energy consumption in buildings. Most of the building consumption is related to the use of active systems to maintain the interior comfort. Passive design strategies contribute to improve the interior comfort conditions, increasing the energy efficiency in buildings and reducing their energy consumption. In this work, an analysis of the passive strategies used in Net Energy Plus Houses has been made. The participating houses of the Solar Decathlon Europe 2012 competition were used as case studies. The passive design strategies of these houses were compared with the annual simulations, and the competition monitored data, especially during the Passive Monitored Period. The analysis included the thermal properties of the building envelope, geometric parameters, ratios and others passive solutions such as Thermal Energy Storage systems, evaporative cooling, night ventilation, solar gains and night sky radiation cooling. The results reflect the impact of passive design strategies on the houses' comfort and efficiency, as well as their influence in helping to achieve the Zero Energy Buildings category. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2014-01-01	Energy And Buildings
10.3389/fcimb.2023.1205829	Amidation of glutamate residues in mycobacterial peptidoglycan is essential for cell wall cross-linking	IntroductionMycobacteria assemble a complex cell wall with cross-linked peptidoglycan (PG) which plays an essential role in maintenance of cell wall integrity and tolerance to osmotic pressure. We previously demonstrated that various hydrolytic enzymes are required to remodel PG during essential processes such as cell elongation and septal hydrolysis. Here, we explore the chemistry associated with PG cross-linking, specifically the requirement for amidation of the D-glutamate residue found in PG precursors.MethodsSynthetic fluorescent probes were used to assess PG remodelling dynamics in live bacteria. Fluorescence microscopy was used to assess protein localization in live bacteria and CRISPR-interference was used to construct targeted gene knockdown strains. Time-lapse microscopy was used to assess bacterial growth. Western blotting was used to assess protein phosphorylation.Results and discussionIn Mycobacterium smegmatis, we confirmed the essentiality for D-glutamate amidation in PG biosynthesis by labelling cells with synthetic fluorescent PG probes carrying amidation modifications. We also used CRISPRi targeted knockdown of genes encoding the MurT-GatD complex, previously implicated in D-glutamate amidation, and demonstrated that these genes are essential for mycobacterial growth. We show that MurT-rseGFP co-localizes with mRFP-GatD at the cell poles and septum, which are the sites of cell wall synthesis in mycobacteria. Furthermore, time-lapse microscopic analysis of MurT-rseGFP localization, in fluorescent D-amino acid (FDAA)-labelled mycobacterial cells during growth, demonstrated co-localization with maturing PG, suggestive of a role for PG amidation during PG remodelling and repair. Depletion of MurT and GatD caused reduced PG cross-linking and increased sensitivity to lysozyme and & beta;-lactam antibiotics. Cell growth inhibition was found to be the result of a shutdown of PG biosynthesis mediated by the serine/threonine protein kinase B (PknB) which senses uncross-linked PG. Collectively, these data demonstrate the essentiality of D-glutamate amidation in mycobacterial PG precursors and highlight the MurT-GatD complex as a novel drug target.	2023-08-24	Frontiers In Cellular And Infection Microbiology
10.1016/j.conbuildmat.2011.08.059	Experimental DSC-based method to determine glass transition temperature during curing of structural adhesives	A new DSC-based experimental method to efficiently establish the glass transition temperature, Tg, vs. curing degree, α, relationship for structural adhesives was developed. The method approaches the continuous Tg-α relationship with a trilinear curve established on the basis of several non-isothermal scans instead of time-consuming isothermal scans. Although the method is independent of the heating rate, a rate of 5 °C/min was found to be the best compromise for experimental and practical purposes. In order to evaluate the general applicability of the new method, various structural adhesives comprising different base resins and filler contents were taken into account. The trilinear curves determined by the new method approached well the Tg-α relationship obtained using the existing isothermal method. The filler content influenced the amount of heat released during a non-isothermal scan but not the peak temperature of the exotherm. A high filler content led to higher Tg values at lower curing degrees in particular. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2012-01-01	Construction and Building Materials
10.1016/j.neuroimage.2010.02.052	BOLD correlates of EEG topography reveal rapid resting-state network dynamics	Resting-state functional connectivity studies with fMRI showed that the brain is intrinsically organized into large-scale functional networks for which the hemodynamic signature is stable for about 10 s. Spatial analyses of the topography of the spontaneous EEG also show discrete epochs of stable global brain states (so-called microstates), but they remain quasi-stationary for only about 100 ms. In order to test the relationship between the rapidly fluctuating EEG-defined microstates and the slowly oscillating fMRI-defined resting states, we recorded 64-channel EEG in the scanner while subjects were at rest with their eyes closed. Conventional EEG-microstate analysis determined the typical four EEG topographies that dominated across all subjects. The convolution of the time course of these maps with the hemodynamic response function allowed to fit a linear model to the fMRI BOLD responses and revealed four distinct distributed networks. These networks were spatially correlated with four of the resting-state networks (RSNs) that were found by the conventional fMRI group-level independent component analysis (ICA). These RSNs have previously been attributed to phonological processing, visual imagery, attention reorientation, and subjective interoceptive-autonomic processing. We found no EEG-correlate of the default mode network. Thus, the four typical microstates of the spontaneous EEG seem to represent the neurophysiological correlate of four of the RSNs and show that they are fluctuating much more rapidly than fMRI alone suggests. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2010-01-01	Neuroimage
10.1103/PhysRevLett.115.221803	Observation of B-0 -> p(Lambda)over-barD(*)(-)	We report the first observation of the decays B-0 -> p (Lambda) over barD(*)(-). The data sample of 711 fb(-1) used in this analysis corresponds to 772 x 10(6) B (B) over bar pairs, collected at the Upsilon(4S) resonance by the Belle detector at the KEKB asymmetric-energy e(+)e(-) collider. We observe 19.8 sigma and 10.8 sigma excesses of events for the two decay modes and measure the branching fractions of B-0 -> p (Lambda) over barD(-) and B-0 -> p (Lambda) over barD*(-) to be (25.1 +/- 2.6 +/- 3.5) x 10(-6) and (33.6 +/- 6.3 +/- 4.4) x 10(-6), respectively, where the first uncertainties are statistical and the second are systematic. These results are not compatible with the predictions based on the generalized factorization approach. In addition, a threshold enhancement in the dibaryon (p (Lambda) over bar) system is observed, consistent with that observed in similar B decays.	2015-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1021/ic100667f	Insights into the Origin of Cooperative Effects in the Spin Transition of [Fe(NH(2)trz)(3)](NO3)(2): the Role of Supramolecular Interactions Evidenced in the Crystal Structure of [Cu(NH(2)trz)(3)](NO3)(2)center dot H2O	The thermally induced hysteretic spin transition (ST) that occurs in the polymeric chain compound [Fe(NH(2)trz)(3)](NO3)(2) (1) above room temperature (T-c(sic) = 347 K, T-c(sic) = 314 K) has been tracked by Fe-57 Mossbauer spectroscopy, SQUID magnetometry, differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), and X-ray powder diffraction (XPRD) at variable temperatures. From the XRPD pattern indexation, an orthorhombic primitive cell was observed with the following cell parameters: a = 11.83(2) angstrom, b = 9.72(1) angstrom, c = 6.361(9) angstrom at 298 K (low-spin state) and a = 14.37(2) angstrom, b = 9.61(4) angstrom, c = 6.76(4) angstrom at 380 K (high-spin state). The enthalpy and entropy variation associated to the ST of 1, have been evaluated by DSC as Delta H = 23(1) kJ mol(-1) and Delta S = 69.6(1) J mol(-1) K-1. These thermodynamic data were used within a two-level Ising like model for the statistical analysis of First Order Reversal Curve (FORC) diagram that was recorded for 1, in the cooling mode. Strong intramolecular cooperative effects are witnessed by the derived interaction parameter of J = 496 K. The crystal structure of [Cu(NH(2)trz)(3)](NO3)(2) center dot H2O (2) was obtained thanks to high quality single crystals prepared by slow evaporation after hydrothermal pretreatment. The catena poly[mu-tris(4-amino-1,2,4-triazole-N1,N2) copper.(II)] dinitrate monohydrate (2) crystallizes in the monoclinic space group C2/c, with a = 16.635(6) angstrom, b = 13.223(4) angstrom, c = 7.805(3) angstrom, beta = 102.56(3)degrees, Z = 4. Complex 2 is.a 1D infinite chain containing triple N1,N2-1,2,4-triazole bridges with an intra-chain distance of Cu center dot center dot center dot Cu = 3.903(1) angstrom. A dense H-bonding network with the nitrate counteranion involved in intra-chain and inter-chain interactions is observed. Such a supramolecular network could be at the origin of the unusually large hysteresis loop displayed by 1 (Delta T similar to 33 K), as a result of an efficient propagation of elastic interactions through the network. This hypothesis is strengthened by the crystal structure of 2 and by the absence of crystallographic phase transition for 1 over the whole temperature range of investigation as shown by XRPD.	2010-01-01	Inorganic Chemistry
10.1103/PhysRevB.75.094424	Neutron diffraction studies of nuclear and magnetic structures in the S=1/2 square Heisenberg antiferromagnets (d(6)-5CAP)(2)CuX4 (X=Br and Cl)	We report the neutron scattering studies of the nuclear and magnetic structures of deuterated samples of the model two-dimensional S=1/2 Heisenberg antiferromagnets on a square lattice, (d(6)-5CAP)(2)CuCl4 and (d(6)-5CAP)(2)CuBr4 (where 5CAP is 2-amino-5-chloropyridinium). Interest in these materials stems from the fact that they have relatively weak exchange between the magnetic ions, and it is therefore possible to perturb their magnetic structures and excitations significantly in experimentally accessible magnetic fields, and thereby access new quantum disordered states. We succeeded in growing fully deuterated single crystals and determined the nuclear and magnetic structures of the bromide at 10 and 1.8 K, respectively, confirming the four-sublattice spin structure expected for systems, where both inter- and intraplane exchange interactions are antiferromagnetic. The determination of the full crystal structure of the bromide highlights the possibility that interlayer exchange may also propagate via hydrogen bonds to and through the 5CAP molecule. We also determined the critical exponents for the sublattice magnetization of the bromide and mapped out the H-T phase diagram of the chloride up to 5 T.	2007-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1073/pnas.0505427102	Brain lactate kinetics: Modeling evidence for neuronal lactate uptake upon activation	A critical issue in brain energy metabolism is whether lactate produced within the brain by astrocytes is taken up and metabolized by neurons upon activation. Although there is ample evidence that neurons can efficiently use lactate as an energy substrate, at least in vitro, few experimental data exist to indicate that it is indeed the case in vivo. To address this question, we used a modeling approach to determine which mechanisms are necessary to explain typical brain lactate kinetics observed upon activation. On the basis of a previously validated model that takes into account the compartmentalization of energy metabolism, we developed a mathematical model of brain lactate kinetics, which was applied to published data describing the changes in extracellular lactate levels upon activation. Results show that the initial dip in the extracellular lactate concentration observed at the onset of stimulation can only be satisfactorily explained by a rapid uptake within an intraparenchymal cellular compartment. In contrast, neither blood flow increase, nor extracellular pH variation can be major causes of the lactate initial dip, whereas tissue lactate diffusion only tends to reduce its amplitude. The kinetic properties of monocarboxylate transporter isoforms strongly suggest that neurons represent the most likely compartment for activation-induced lactate uptake and that neuronal lactate utilization occurring early after activation onset is responsible for the initial dip in brain lactate levels observed in both animals and humans.	2005-01-01	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America
10.2749/101686614X13830790993285	Generation Process and Analysis of Innovative Timberfabric Vaults	Timberfabric structures, developed at IBOIS, are a new family of timber constructions based on the logic and principles of man-made fabrics. Modular elements called “Timberfabric Modules” are generated by curving and connecting two thin wooden panels. This paper concerns the study of vaults obtained by assembling several “Timberfabric modules” together. A parametric tool is presented which can automatically generate a 3D finite element model of a structure for a given set of initial parameters. This tool assists the architectural design of such structures, providing insights into their geometry as well as into the construction stresses and the kinematic constraints between different constitutive elements	2014-01-01	Structural Engineering International
10.1051/0004-6361/202452295	Euclid: High-precision imaging astrometry and photometry from Early Release Observations I. Internal kinematics of NGC 6397 by combining Euclid and Gaia data	The instruments at the focus of the Euclid space observatory offer superb, diffraction-limited imaging over an unprecedented (from space) wide field of view of 0.57 deg2. This exquisite image quality has the potential to produce high-precision astrometry for point sources once the undersampling of Euclid’s cameras is taken into account by means of accurate, effective point spread function (ePSF) modelling. We present a complex, detailed workflow to simultaneously solve for the geometric distortion (GD) and model the undersampled ePSFs of the Euclid detectors. Our procedure was successfully developed and tested with data from the Early Release Observations (ERO) programme focused on the nearby globular cluster NGC 6397. Our final one-dimensional astrometric precision for a well-measured star just below saturation is 0.7 mas (0.007 pixel) for the Visible Instrument (VIS) and 3 mas (0.01 pixel) for the Near-Infrared Spectrometer and Photometer (NISP). Finally, we present a specific scientific application of this high-precision astrometry: the combination of Euclid and Gaia data to compute proper motions and study the internal kinematics of NGC 6397. Future work, when more data become available, will allow for a better characterisation of the ePSFs and GD corrections that are derived here, along with assessment of their temporal stability, and their dependencies on the spectral energy distribution of the sources as seen through the wide-band filters of Euclid.	2024-12-06	Astronomy and Astrophysics
10.1007/s10518-016-0049-7	Force–displacement response of in-plane loaded unreinforced brick masonry walls: the Critical Diagonal Crack model	This article introduces an analytical model to compute the monotonic force–displacement response of in-plane loaded unreinforced brick masonry walls accounting for walls failing in shear or ﬂexure. The masonry wall is modelled as elastic in compression with zero tensile strength using a Timoshenko beam element. Its cross-section properties (moment of inertia and area) are continuously updated to capture the non-linearity that results from ﬂexural and shear cracking. For this purpose, diagonal cracking of shear critical walls is represented by one Critical Diagonal Crack. The ultimate drift capacity of the wall is determined based on an approach evaluating a plastic zone at the wall toe. Validation against results of cyclic full-scale tests of unreinforced masonry walls made with vertically perforated clay units shows that the presented formulation is capable of accurately predicting the effective stiffness, the maximum strength and the ultimate drift capacity of the wall. It outperforms current empirical code equations with regard to stiffness and ultimate drift capacity estimates and yields similar results concerning strength prediction.	2017-01-01	Bulletin of Earthquake Engineering
10.1093/imrn/rnw217	Motivic Classes of Nakajima Quiver Varieties	We prove that Hausel’s formula for the number of rational points of a Nakajima quiver variety over a finite field also holds in a suitable localization of the Grothendieck ring of varieties. In order to generalize the arithmetic harmonic analysis in his proof we use Grothendieck rings with exponentials as introduced by Cluckers-Loeser and Hrushovski-Kazhdan.	2016-10-18	International Mathematics Research Notices
10.1088/0741-3335/43/12A/325	Experimental studies of electron transport	Electron transport in tokamaks has many different features which are briefly reviewed. The paper is focused on electron heat transport in conventional tokamak plasmas. An inter-machine comparison indicates that the non-dimensional gradient length of the electron temperature profiles R/L-Te, is almost independent of the devices and varies little with plasma parameters. This strongly suggests that electron heat transport is governed by turbulence with a threshold in R/L-Te.. This is confirmed by modulation experiments using electron cyclotron heating. Simulations with empirical and physics-based transport models confirm this assumption.	2001-01-01	Plasma Physics and Controlled Fusion
10.1364/Oe.24.016329	25 Gbps direct modulation and 10 km data transmission with 1310 nm waveband wafer fused VCSELs	Direct modulation at > 25 Gbps is achieved with 1310 nm wavelength wafer fused VCSELs by adjusting the strain in the quantum well active region and the cavity photon lifetime. 25 + Gbps large signal modulation with 10(-12) BER at 1310 nm across 10 km of standard single mode fiber is demonstrated. (C) 2016 Optical Society of America	2016-01-01	Optics Express
10.1080/00150193.2013.821919	Dielectric and Piezoelectric Properties of K(Ta0.51Nb0.49)O3 Single Crystal	Dielectric and piezoelectric properties of K(Ta0.51Nb0.49)O3 [KTN] single crystals along [100], [001] and [011] pseudo-cubic crystallographic orientations are reported and discussed. Temperature dependencies of dielectric permittivity in tetragonal phase of monodomain and polydomain crystals of these orientations are compared. Strong dielectric anisotropy is found in the tetragonal phase, with ε[100] / ε[001] ratio equal 16 at 300 K. Room temperature piezoelectric coefficients for the monodomain state of KTN are reported.	2012-01-01	Ferroelectrics
10.1088/0029-5515/33/12/I10	Effect of the Parallel Current-Density on the Local Ideal 3-D Mhd Stability of the Helias Configuration	The local ideal three dimensional (3-D) magneto-hydrodynamic (MHD) stability for the Wendelstein VTI-X (W VII-X) configuration is studied. A volume averaged beta limit of 5% is confirmed with a nearly optimal pressure profile using two methods to calculate the parallel current density: the magnetic method that uses magnetic information about the configuration (in particular, the condition of charge conservation, del.j = 0, is explicitly used in the resolution) and the geometric method that uses the geometry of the configuration itself. It is shown that the ballooning stability does not depend on the method of calculating the parallel current. In contrast, the value of the Mercier criterion depends sensitively on which method is used. Not only is the geometric method not sensitive to resonant surfaces (in particular. the surface l(p) = 1/6) but there is a systematic error in the Mercier criterion for nonresonant surfaces when an insufficient number of modes is used to calculate the equilibria numerically with a spectral method. However, this systematic error does not change the averaged beta limit of W VIII-X because the ballooning stability is more stringent than the Mercier stability for this configuration.	1993-01-01	Nuclear Fusion
10.1109/Tnano.2014.2363386	Top-Down Fabrication of Gate-All-Around Vertically-Stacked Silicon Nanowire FETs with Controllable Polarity	Asthe currentMOSFET scaling trend is facing strong limitations, technologies exploiting novel degrees of freedom at physical and architecture level are promising candidates to enable the continuation of Moore's predictions. In this paper, we report on the fabrication of novel ambipolar Silicon nanowire (SiNW) Schottky-barrier (SB) FET transistors featuring two independent gate-all-around electrodes and vertically stacked SiNW channels. A top-down approach was employed for the nanowire fabrication, using an e-beam lithography defined design pattern. In these transistors, one gate electrode enables the dynamic configuration of the device polarity (n- or p-type) by electrostatic doping of the channel in proximity of the source and drain SBs. The other gate electrode, acting on the center region of the channel switches ON or OFF the device. Measurement results on silicon show I-on/I-off > 10(6) and subthreshold slopes approaching the thermal limit, SS approximate to 64 mV/dec (70 mV/dec) for p(n)-type operation in the same physical device. Finally, we show that the XOR logic operation is embedded in the device characteristic, and we demonstrate for the first time a fully functional two-transistor XOR gate.	2014-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Nanotechnology
10.1007/BF02481745	Mechanism of pulmonary venous pressure and flow waves	The pulmonary venous systolic flow wave has been attributed both to left heart phenomena, such as left atrial relaxation and descent of the mitral annulus, and to propagation of the pulmonary artery pressure pulse through the pulmonary bed from the right ventricle. In this study we hypothesized that all waves in the pulmonary veins originate in the left heart, and that the gross wave features observed in measurements can be explained simply by wave propagation and reflection. A mathematical model of the pulmonary vein was developed; the pulmonary vein was modeled as a lossless transmission line and the pulmonary bed by a three-element lumped parameter model accounting for viscous losses, compliance, and inertia. We assumed that all pulsations originate in the left atrium (LA), the pressure in the pulmonary bed being constant. The model was validated using pulmonary vein pressure and flow recorded 1 cm proximal to the junction of the vein with the left atrium during aortocoronary bypass surgery. For a pressure drop of 6 mmHg across the pulmonary bed, we found a transit time from the left atrium to the pulmonary bed of tau approximately 150ms, a compliance of the pulmonary bed of C approximately 0.4 ml/mmHg, and an inertance of the pulmonary bed of 1.1 mmHgs2/ml. The pulse wave velocity of the pulmonary vein was estimated to be c approximately 1m/s. Waves, however, travel both towards the left atrium and towards the pulmonary bed. Waves traveling towards the left atrium are attributed to the reflections caused by the mismatch of impedance of line (pulmonary vein) and load (pulmonary bed). Wave intensity analysis was used to identify a period in systole of net wave propagation towards the left atrium for both measurements and model. The linear separation technique was used to split the pressure into one component traveling from the left atrium to the pulmonary bed and a reflected component propagating from the pulmonary bed to the left atrium. The peak of the reflected pressure wave corresponded well with the positive peak in wave intensity in systole. We conclude that the gross features of the pressure and flow waves in the pulmonary vein can be explained in the following manner: the waves originate in the LA and travel towards the pulmonary bed, where reflections give rise to waves traveling back to the LA. Although the gross features of the measured pressure were captured well by the model predicted pressure, there was still some discrepancy between the two. Thus, other factors initiating or influencing waves traveling towards the LA cannot be excluded.	2000-01-01	Heart and vessels
10.1021/ic501438k	Potential of Cycloaddition Reactions To Generate Cytotoxic Metal Drugs In Vitro	Severe general toxicity issues blight many chemotherapeutics utilized in the treatment of cancers, resulting in the need for more selective drugs able to exert their biological activity at only the required location(s). Toward this aim, we report the development of an organometallic ruthenium compound, functionalized through a eta(6)-bound arene ligand with a bicyclononyne derivative, able to participate in strain-promoted cycloaddition reactions with tetrazines. We show that combination of the ruthenium compound with a ditetrazine in biological media results in the in situ formation of a dinuclear molecule that is more cytotoxic toward cancer cells than the starting mononuclear ruthenium compound and tetrazine components. Such an approach may be extended to in vivo applications to construct a cytotoxic metallodrug at a tumor site, providing a novel approach toward the turn-on cytotoxicity of metallodrugs in the treatment of cancer.	2014-01-01	Inorganic Chemistry
10.1016/j.solmat.2011.03.018	LPCVD ZnO-based intermediate reflector for micromorph tandem solar cells	The use of zinc oxide (ZnO) based intermediate reflector (ZIR) in micromorph solar cells using low pressure chemical vapor deposition (LPCVD) was investigated. The influences of deposition temperature and dopant gas concentration on grain size and lateral electrical conductivity measurements are presented. Further ZIR deposition conditions were then directly evaluated in micromorph solar cell devices. Their electrical performances were compared to reference cells and cells incorporating silicon oxide based intermediate reflector. It is shown that both reduced ZIR deposition temperature and increased total flow rate allow for better performing devices with increased shunt resistance, as further supported by lock-in thermography shunt imaging. Relative micromorph efficiency increase of above 7% is shown with thin ZnO layers, along with absence of loss or even small increase of total current in the whole structure compared to cells without intermediate reflector. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2011-01-01	Solar Energy Materials and Solar Cells
10.1021/acs.jctc.6b00271	Liquid Water through Density-Functional Molecular Dynamics: Plane-Wave vs Atomic-Orbital Basis Sets	We determine and compare structural, dynamical, and electronic properties of liquid water at near ambient conditions through density-functional molecular dynamics simulations, when using either plane-wave or atomic-orbital basis sets. In both frameworks, the electronic structure and the atomic forces are self-consistently determined within the same theoretical scheme based on a nonlocal density functional accounting for van der Waals interactions. The overall properties of liquid water achieved within the two frameworks are in excellent agreement with each other. Thus, our study supports that implementations with plane-wave or atomic-orbital basis sets yield equivalent results and can be used indiscriminately in study of liquid water or aqueous solutions.	2016-01-01	Journal Of Chemical Theory And Computation
10.1371/journal.pcbi.1010301	Archetypal Analysis for population genetics	The estimation of genetic clusters using genomic data has application from genome-wide association studies (GWAS) to demographic history to polygenic risk scores (PRS) and is expected to play an important role in the analyses of increasingly diverse, large-scale cohorts. However, existing methods are computationally-intensive, prohibitively so in the case of nationwide biobanks. Here we explore Archetypal Analysis as an efficient, unsupervised approach for identifying genetic clusters and for associating individuals with them. Such unsupervised approaches help avoid conflating socially constructed ethnic labels with genetic clusters by eliminating the need for exogenous training labels. We show that Archetypal Analysis yields similar cluster structure to existing unsupervised methods such as ADMIXTURE and provides interpretative advantages. More importantly, we show that since Archetypal Analysis can be used with lower-dimensional representations of genetic data, significant reductions in computational time and memory requirements are possible. When Archetypal Analysis is run in such a fashion, it takes several orders of magnitude less compute time than the current standard, ADMIXTURE. Finally, we demonstrate uses ranging across datasets from humans to canids.	2022-08-01	Plos Computational Biology
10.3166/rig.20.105-135	Géo-simulation des coûts généralisés de déplacement en transports privés et publics - Automatisation du paramétrage spatio-temporel	Cet article présente une méthodologie pour automatiser la spécification des réseaux de transport adaptés pour la géo-simulation d'itinéraires multimodaux avec TransCAD afin d'évaluer les coûts généralisés de déplacements individuels en milieu urbain. Trois applications SIG-T originales sont présentées: CRADVoyagesTC - pour la définition et la localisation de l'offre du transport en commun, CradTNetwork - pour la construction et paramétrisation de et CRADRoutes - pour la simulation d'itinéraires individuels multiples. Une épreuve de concept est réalisée et présente une simulation de plusieurs milliers d'itinéraires entre les quartiers résidentiels et les principales agglomérations commerciales de la Communauté Métropolitaine de Québec (CMQ).	2010-01-01	Revue internationale de géomatique
10.1016/j.ymssp.2021.108284	Real-time model calibration with deep reinforcement learning	The real-time, and accurate inference of model parameters is of great importance in many scientific and engineering disciplines that use computational models (such as a digital twin) for the analysis and prediction of complex physical processes. However, fast and accurate inference for processes of complex systems cannot easily be achieved in real-time with state-of-the-art methods under noisy real-world conditions with the requirement of a real-time response. The primary reason is that the inference of model parameters with traditional techniques based on optimization or sampling often suffers from computational and statistical challenges, resulting in a trade-off between accuracy and deployment time. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for inference of model parameters based on reinforcement learning. The proposed methodology is demonstrated and evaluated on two different physics-based models of turbofan engines. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed methodology outperforms all other tested methods in terms of speed and robustness, with high inference accuracy.	2022-02-15	Mechanical Systems and Signal Processing
10.1109/TNB.2004.824277	Nanocapsules with functionalized surfaces and walls	With the possibility of creating and handling nanometer-sized objects, it became popular to dream of future miniaturized tools allowing completely new applications in medicine and technology. Mother nature created during evolution many such self-assembled highly sophisticated and robust objects, and it is very tempting to modify them for other purposes: artificial cells as intelligent submarines floating in the bloodstream attacking cancer cells, single-molecule detection and manipulation allowing the bottom-up construction of devices, and so on. Nanobiotechnology became a hot topic and significant budgets have been attributed to it. However, caution has to be paid that unrealistic dreams might have a fairly negative effect on the taxpayer seeing unkept promises. In this paper, we explore the possibilities of using biological substances in material science. [on SciFinder (R)]	2004-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Nanobioscience
10.1021/ja4115192	Enantioselective Total Syntheses of Leuconolam–Leuconoxine–Mersicarpine Group Monoterpene Indole Alkaloids	A unified strategy allowing enantioselective total syntheses of (−)-mersicarpine, (−)-scholarisine G, (+)-melodinine E, (−)-leuconoxine, and (−)-leuconolam from a common cyclohexenone derivative was reported. The Suzuki−Miyaura reaction was used to couple two simple fragments incorporating the key elements for total synthesis, and unprecedented oxidation/reduction/cyclization processes were developed that converted the substituted cyclohexenone to either a mersicarpine or leuconoxine skeleton. In a reverse biomimetic synthesis fashion, (+)-melodinine E was converted to (−)-leuconolam under acidic conditions.	2013-01-01	Journal of the American Chemical Society
10.1007/BF01692001	Recent Results from the Tcv Tokamak	During the first two years of operation, the TCV tokamak has produced a large variety of plasma shapes and magnetic configurations, with 1.0 less than or equal to B-tor less than or equal to 1.46T, I-p less than or equal to 800kA, kappa less than or equal to 2.05, -0.7 less than or equal to delta less than or equal to 1. A new shape control algorithm, based on a finite element reconstruction of the plasma current in real time, has been implemented. Vertical growth rates up to 1000 s(-1) have been stabilized using the external coil system. Ohmic H-modes with Troyon factors (beta(tor)aB/I-p) up to two and densities up to 2.25 x 10(20) m(-3), corresponding to the Greenwald limit, have been obtained in diverted discharges. Limiter H-modes with Line averaged electron densities up to 1.7 x 10(20) m(-3) have been obtained in elongated D-shaped plasmas with 360 kA less than or equal to I-p less than or equal to 600 kA.	1995-01-01	Czechoslovak Journal of Physics
10.3847/2041-8213/acf769	Crowded No More: The Accuracy of the Hubble Constant Tested with High-resolution Observations of Cepheids by JWST	High-resolution James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) observations can test confusion-limited Hubble Space Telescope (HST) observations for a photometric bias that could affect extragalactic Cepheids and the determination of the Hubble constant. We present JWST NIRCAM observations in two epochs and three filters of >320 Cepheids in NGC 4258 (which has a 1.5% maser-based geometric distance) and in NGC 5584 (host of SN Ia 2007af), near the median distance of the SH0ES HST SN Ia host sample and with the best leverage among them to detect such a bias. JWST provides far superior source separation from line-of-sight companions than HST in the near-infrared to largely negate confusion or crowding noise at these wavelengths, where extinction is minimal. The result is a remarkable >2.5x reduction in the dispersion of the Cepheid period-luminosity relations, from 0.45 to 0.17 mag, improving individual Cepheid precision from 20% to 7%. Two-epoch photometry confirmed identifications, tested JWST photometric stability, and constrained Cepheid phases. The P-L relation intercepts are in very good agreement, with differences (JWST-HST) of 0.00 +/- 0.03 and 0.02 +/- 0.03 mag for NGC 4258 and NGC 5584, respectively. The difference in the determination of H0 between HST and JWST from these intercepts is 0.02 +/- 0.04 mag, insensitive to JWST zero-points or count rate nonlinearity thanks to error cancellation between rungs. We explore a broad range of analysis variants (including passband combinations, phase corrections, measured detector offsets, and crowding levels) indicating robust baseline results. These observations provide the strongest evidence yet that systematic errors in HST Cepheid photometry do not play a significant role in the present Hubble Tension. Upcoming JWST observations of >12 SN Ia hosts should further refine the local measurement of the Hubble constant.	2023-10-01	Astrophysical Journal Letters
10.3221/IGF-ESIS.50.17	Quantifying the out-of-plane response of unreinforced masonry walls subjected to relative support motion	The supports of out-of-plane loaded unreinforced masonry walls in buildings are subjected to a motion that is filtered and amplified by the building structure and, in some cases, can be significantly different from the ground motion. Moreover, because these walls span one or several storeys, their top and bottom supports are subjected to motions that differ in phase and amplitude. In state-of-the-art assessment procedures for the out-of-plane stability of masonry walls any effect of a relative support motion is neglected. The objective of this paper is to study the effect of the relative support motion on the response of out-of-plane loaded vertically-spanning unreinforced masonry walls. The acceleration capacity of the walls is investigated by means of a discrete element model representative of different wall configurations. A set of ground motions covering a wide range of peak ground acceleration and peak ground displacement is used as input to the simulations. The relative motion between the wall supports is included in the model in a systematic way: firstly, through a motion that is non-synchronous but of equal amplitude; secondly, through a motion that is synchronous but of different amplitude. The effect of the relative support motion is studied on different wall configurations where the elastic modulus of masonry, the wall height-to-thickness ratio, the wall effective thickness and the overburden at the top wall are varied. The study shows that, because of the relative support motion, the acceleration capacity of the walls can drop by 20% and, in the cases where the overburden is high, by more than 50%.	2019-10-01	Frattura e Integrità Strutturale / Fracture and Structural Integrity
10.1137/100810502	Hardness Of Precedence Constrained Scheduling On Identical Machines	In 1966, Graham showed that a simple procedure called list scheduling yields a 2-approximation algorithm for the central problem of scheduling precedence constrained jobs on identical machines to minimize makespan. To date this has remained the best algorithm, and whether it can or cannot be improved has become a major open problem in scheduling theory. We address this problem by establishing a quite surprising relation between the approximability of the considered problem and that of scheduling precedence constrained jobs on a single machine to minimize weighted completion time. More specifically, we prove that if the single machine problem is hard to approximate within a factor of 2-epsilon, then the considered parallel machine problem, even in the case of unit processing times, is hard to approximate within a factor of 2-zeta, where. tends to 0 as epsilon tends to 0. Combining this with Bansal and Khot's recent hardness result for the single machine problem gives that it is NP-hard to improve upon the approximation ratio obtained by Graham, assuming a new variant of the unique games conjecture.	2011-01-01	Siam Journal On Computing
10.1016/j.actamat.2021.116634	Coupled segregation mechanisms of Sc, Zr and Mn at theta ' interfaces enhances the strength and thermal stability of Al-Cu alloys	The refinement and thermal stability of intermediate theta-prime (theta') precipitates are critical in the development of new high strength 2xxx series aluminium-copper (Al-Cu) alloys for high temperature applications. In this work, we use trace additions of Sc, Zr and Mn in an Al-6.5 wt.% Cu alloy to refine and stabilise the theta' precipitates. The formation of Al-3(Sc, Zr) core/shell dispersoids significantly refine the theta' precipitates by acting as preferential nucleation sites during artificial ageing. Adding Mn results in a significant increase of hardness during ageing at 190 degrees C. Hardness is maintained during thermal exposure at 280 degrees C for up to 24 h. Transmission electron microscopy (TEM) reveals that the addition of Mn leads to a finer and denser distribution of theta' precipitates, and greatly slows the growth and coarsening of the theta' precipitates at elevated temperatures. Differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) shows that this can be attributed to an enhanced nucleation and improved coarsening resistance of the theta' precipitates in the presence of Mn. Atom probe tomography (APT) reveals that the enhanced age-hardening kinetics and thermal stability arise from the independent segregation mechanisms of Mn, Sc and Zr at the semi-coherent and coherent interfaces of the theta' precipitates. The segregation is quantified by calculating the Gibbsian interfacial excess and corresponding reduction in interfacial energy. These calculations reveal that while Sc and Zr play a significant role in the refinement of the theta' precipitates, Mn not only refines the theta' precipitates, but also greatly enhances their coarsening resistance and corresponding alloy's thermal stability. (C) 2021 Acta Materialia Inc. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2021-03-01	Acta Materialia
10.1007/s12192-015-0583-2	Quantitative proteomics of heat-treated human cells show an across-the-board mild depletion of housekeeping proteins to massively accumulate few HSPs	Classic semiquantitative proteomic methods have shown that all organisms respond to a mild heat shock by an apparent massive accumulation of a small set of proteins, named heat-shock proteins (HSPs) and a concomitant slowing down in the synthesis of the other proteins. Yet unexplained, the increased levels of HSP messenger RNAs (mRNAs) may exceed 100 times the ensuing relative levels of HSP proteins. We used here high-throughput quantitative proteomics and targeted mRNA quantification to estimate in human cell cultures the mass and copy numbers of the most abundant proteins that become significantly accumulated, depleted, or unchanged during and following 4 h at 41 degrees C, which we define as mild heat shock. This treatment caused a minor across-the-board mass loss in many housekeeping proteins, which was matched by a mass gain in a few HSPs, predominantly cytosolic HSPCs (HSP90s) and HSPA8 (HSC70). As the mRNAs of the heat-depleted proteins were not significantly degraded and less ribosomes were recruited by excess new HSP mRNAs, the mild depletion of the many housekeeping proteins during heat shock was attributed to their slower replenishment. This differential protein expression pattern was reproduced by isothermal treatments with Hsp90 inhibitors. Unexpectedly, heat-treated cells accumulated 55 times more new molecules of HSPA8 (HSC70) than of the acknowledged heat-inducible isoform HSPA1A (HSP70), implying that when expressed as net copy number differences, rather than as mere "fold change" ratios, new biologically relevant information can be extracted from quantitative proteomic data. Raw data are available via ProteomeXchange with identifier PXD001666.	2015-01-01	Cell Stress and Chaperones
10.1088/0029-5515/41/11/316	Plasma shape effects on sawtooth/internal kink stability and plasma shaping using electron cyclotron wave current profile tailoring in TCV	The effect of plasma shaping (triangularity and elongation) on sawtooth stability is addressed as well as the technique of current profile broadening using off-axis ECH to enlarge the operational range towards higher elongations. The plasma shape strongly influences the sawtooth period and amplitude. This effect is emphasized by ECH, with the sawtooth period becoming shorter at low triangularity or at high elongation; for these plasma shapes, the pressure profile inside the q = 1 surface remains essentially flat throughout the sawtooth cycle. A comparison of the sawtooth response with marginal Mercier stability shows that the critical pressure gradient at q = 1 is particularly low for plasma shapes where the increased sawtooth repetition frequency prevents the peaking of the pressure profiles. For these shapes, stability calculations show that the ideal internal kink is also unstable. The stability of highly elongated plasmas depends largely on the current profiles. The operational range at low currents has been extended towards higher elongations using ECH discharges. Far off-axis second harmonic X mode ECH power deposition proves to be an efficient tool for current profile tailoring, allowing a significant elongation increase at constant quadrupole field.	2001-01-01	Nuclear Fusion
10.1002/hlca.19940770815	Chemistry of a-aminonitriles. Part 13. Formation of 2-oxoethyl phosphates ('glycolaldehyde phosphates') from rac-oxiranecarbonitrile and inorganic phosphate and on (formal) constitutional relationships between 2-oxoethyl phosphates and oligo(hexo- and pentopyranosyl)nucleotide backbones	Oxiranecarbonitrile in basic aq. soln. at room temp. reacts regioselectively with inorg. phosphate to give the cyanohydrin of 2-oxoethyl phosphate ('glycolaldehyde phosphate'), a source of (the hydrate of) the free aldehyde, preferably in the presence of formaldehyde. In aq. phosphate soln. buffered to nearly neutral pH, oxiranecarbonitrile produces the phosphodiester of glycolaldehyde as its bis-cyanohydrin in good yield. In contrast to mono- and dialkylation, trialkylation of phosphate with oxiranecarbonitrile is difficult, and the triester deriv. is highly sensitive to hydrolysis. Glycolaldehyde phosphate per se is of prebiotic interest, since it has been shown to aldomerize in basic aq. soln. regioselectively to rac-hexose 2,4,6-triphosphates and in the presence of formaldehyde mainly to rac-pentose 2,4-diphosphates with, under appropriate conditions, rac-ribose 2,4-diphosphate as the major reaction product. However, the question as to whether oxiranecarbonitrile itself has the potential of having been a prebiol. natural constituent remains unanswered. Backbone structures of hexopyranosyl-oligonucleotides with phosphodiester linkages specifically between the positions 6' -> 4', 6' -> 2', or 4' -> 2' of the sugar residues can formally be derived via the (hypothetical) aldomerization pathway, a combinatorial intermol. aldomerization of glycolaldehyde phosphate and bis(glycolaldehyde)-phosphodiester in a 1:1 ratio. The constitutional relationships revealed by this synthetic anal. has played a decisive role as a selection criterion in the pursuit of exptl. studies toward a chem. etiol. of the natural nucleic acids' structure. The discussion delineates how the anal. contributed to the conception of the structure of p-RNA. [on SciFinder (R)]	1994-01-01	Helvetica Chimica Acta
10.1007/s11064-015-1643-9	In Vivo Longitudinal (1)H MRS Study of Transgenic Mouse Models of Prion Disease in the Hippocampus and Cerebellum at 14.1 T	In vivo (1)H MR spectroscopy allows the non invasive characterization of brain metabolites and it has been used for studying brain metabolic changes in a wide range of neurodegenerative diseases. The prion diseases form a group of fatal neurodegenerative diseases, also described as transmissible spongiform encephalopathies. The mechanism by which prions elicit brain damage remains unclear and therefore different transgenic mouse models of prion disease were created. We performed an in vivo longitudinal (1)H MR spectroscopy study at 14.1 T with the aim to measure the neurochemical profile of Prnp -/- and PrPΔ32-121 mice in the hippocampus and cerebellum. Using high-field MR spectroscopy we were able to analyze in details the in vivo brain metabolites in Prnp -/- and PrPΔ32-121 mice. An increase of myo-inositol, glutamate and lactate concentrations with a decrease of N-acetylaspartate concentrations were observed providing additional information to the previous measurements.	2015-01-01	Neurochemical research
10.1021/ie801352x	Modifier-Adaptation Methodology for Real-Time Optimization	The ability of a model-based real-time optimization scheme to converge to the plant optimum relies on the ability of the underlying process model to predict the plant's necessary conditions of optimality (NCO). These include the values and gradients of the active constraints as well as the gradient of the cost function. Hence, in the presence of plant-model mismatch or unmeasured disturbances, one could measure the plant NCO and use them for tracking the plant optimum. This paper shows how the optimization problem can be modified to incorporate information regarding the plant NCO. The so-called modifiers, which express the difference between the measured or estimated plant NCO and those predicted by the model, are added to the constraint and cost functions in a modified optimization problem and are adapted iteratively. Local convergence and model-adequacy issues are analyzed. The modifier-adaptation scheme is tested experimentally on a three-tank system.	2009-01-01	Industrial & Engineering Chemistry Research
10.1136/adc.2007.129098	Noise levels during nCPAP are flow-dependent but not device-dependent	Objective: Nasal continuous positive airway pressure (nCPAP) has been shown to improve the outcome of infants with respiratory distress syndrome. However, noise generation could be of concern. Therefore, our study was designed to measure the noise levels of various PAP drivers.	2008-01-01	Archives Of Disease In Childhood-Fetal And Neonatal Edition
10.3390/s20020477	Reversible Oxygen Sensing Based on Multi-Emission Fluorescence Quenching	Oxygen is ubiquitous in nature and it plays a key role in several biological processes, such as cellular respiration and food deterioration, to name a few. Currently, reversible and non-destructive oxygen sensing is usually performed with sensors produced by photosensitization of phosphorescent organometallic complexes. In contrast, we propose a novel route of optical oxygen sensing by fluorescence-based quenching of oxygen. We hereby developed for the first time a set of multi-emissive purely organic emitters. These were produced through a one-pot hydrothermal synthesis using p-phenylenediamine (PPD) and urea as starting materials. The origin of the multi-emission has been ascribed to the diversity of chemical structures produced as a result of oxidative oligomerization of PPD. A Bandrowski’s base (BB, i.e., trimer of PPD) is reported as the main component at reaction times higher than 8 h. This indication was confirmed by electrospray-ionization quadrupole time-of-flight (ESI-QTOF) and liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) analysis. Once the emitters are embedded within a high molecular weight poly (vinyl alcohol) matrix, the intensities of all three emission centers exhibit a non-linear quenching provoked by oxygen within the range of 0–8 kPa. The detection limit of the emission centers are 0.89 kPa, 0.67 kPa and 0.75 kPa, respectively. This oxygen-dependent change in fluorescence emission is reversible (up to three tested 0–21% O2 cycles) and reproducible with negligible cross-interference to humidity. The cost-effectiveness, metal-free formulation, cross-referencing between each single emission center and the relevant oxygen range are all appealing features, making these sensors promising for the detection of oxygen, e.g., in food packaged products	2020-01-15	Sensors
10.3390/app11083518	Energym: A Building Model Library for Controller Benchmarking	We introduce the Python-based open-source library Energym, a building model library to test and benchmark building controllers. The incorporated building models are presented with a brief explanation of their function, location and technical equipment. Furthermore, the library structure is described, highlighting the necessary features to provide the benchmarking and control capabilities, i.e., standardized evaluation scenarios, key performance indicators (KPIs) and forecasts of uncertain variables. We go on to characterize the evaluation scenarios for each of the models and give formal definitions of the KPIs. We describe the calibration methodologies used for constructing the models and illustrate their usage through examples.	2021-04-01	Applied Sciences-Basel
10.1002/adsc.201000852	Preparation of 5-Membered Rings via Radical Addition-Translocation-Cyclization (RATC) Processes Mediated by Diethyl Thiophosphites	A practical method for the formation of thiophosphonates bearing functionalized monocyclic, fused bicyclic and spirocyclic residues is presented. The procedure requires the easily available terminal alkynes as starting materials as well as commercially and readily available reagents such as diethyl thiophosphite. The experimental procedure consists of a one-pot process without any slow addition of one of the reagents.	2011-01-01	Advanced Synthesis & Catalysis
10.12989/scs.2015.18.4.925	Fatigue behavior of hybrid GFRP-concrete bridge decks under sagging moment	This paper presents a new cost-effective hybrid GFRP-Concrete deck system that the GFRP panel serves as both tensile reinforcement and stay-in-place form. In order to understand the fatigue behavior of such hybrid deck, fatigue test on a full-scale specimen under sagging moment was conducted, and a series of static tests were also carried out after certain repeated loading cycles. The fatigue test results indicated that such hybrid deck has a good fatigue performance even after 3.1 million repeated loading cycles. A three-dimensional finite element model of the hybrid deck was established based on experimental work. The results from finite element analyses are in good agreement with those from the tests. In addition, flexural fatigue analysis considering the reduction in flexural stiffness and modulus under cyclic loading was carried out. The predicted flexural strength agreed well with the analytical strength from finite element simulation, and the calculated fatigue failure cycle was consistent with the result based on related S-N curve and finite element analyses. However, the flexural fatigue analytical results tended to be conservative compared to the tested results in safety side. The presented overall investigation may provide reference for the design and construction of such hybrid deck system.	2015-01-01	Steel And Composite Structures
10.36045/bbms/1366306715	Conjugation spaces and equivariant Chern classes	Let eta be a Real bundle, in the sense of Atiyah, over a space X. This is a complex vector bundle together with an involution which is compatible with complex conjugation. We use the fact that BU has a canonical structure of a conjugation space, as defined by Hausmann, Holm, and Puppe, to construct equivariant Chem classes in certain equivariant cohomology groups of X with twisted integer coefficients. We show that these classes determine the (non-equivariant) Chern classes of eta, forgetting the involution on X, and the Stiefel-Whitney classes of the real bundle of fixed points.	2013-01-01	Bulletin Of The Belgian Mathematical Society-Simon Stevin
10.1007/Jhep05(2014)082	Angular analysis of charged and neutral B -> K mu(+) mu(-) decays	The angular distributions of the rare decays B+ -> K+mu(+)mu(-) and B-0 -> K-S(0)mu(+)mu(-) are studied with data corresponding to 3 fb(-1) of integrated luminosity, collected in proton-proton collisions at 7 and 8 TeV centre-of-mass energies with the LHCb detector. The angular distribution is described by two parameters, F-H and the forward-backward asymmetry of the dimuon system A(FB), which are determined in bins of the dimuon mass squared. The parameter F-H is a measure of the contribution from (pseudo)scalar and tensor amplitudes to the decay width. The measurements of A(FB) and F-H reported here are the most precise to date and are compatible with predictions from the Standard Model.	2014-01-01	Journal Of High Energy Physics
10.1103/PhysRevB.58.R14661	Structure of liquid GexSe1-x at the stiffness threshold composition	We investigate by first-principles molecular dynamics the structural properties of liquid GeSe4, i.e., GexSe1-x at x = 0.2. This composition is very close to the so-called stiffness threshold composition, at which dramatic changes in a series of experimental properties occur. The calculated total neutron structure factor is in very good agreement with experiment. The results show that liquid GeSe4 is a good prototype of a chemically ordered network. It consists of GeSe4 tetrahedra that are connected by either shared Se atoms or Se chains.	1998-01-01	Physical Review B
10.12693/APhysPolA.104.373	Study of probes and substrates for low temperature atomic force microscopy and biological applications	The atomic force microscopy in ultrahigh vacuum and at low temperature demonstrated its excellent capability to reach atomic resolution. Nevertheless in the case of biological samples high resolution has been achieved only in very few cases. We demonstrated here the importance of the appropriate choice of probes and substrates in order to image DNA at low temperature with high resolution. We investigated properties of three types of cantilevers and they were studied by scanning electron microscopy as a function of temperature. A large bending of cantilevers, which were coated from both sides, was observed at low temperatures. Therefore uncoated cantilevers pare strongly recommended for low temperature applications. Different methods for immobilization of DNA on the substrate are examined at low temperatures. First images of linear DNA on graphite at 82 K under ultrahigh vacuum conditions are presented.	2003-01-01	Acta Physica Polonica A
10.1016/j.jpowsour.2009.03.055	Monolithic micro-direct methanol fuel cell in PDMS with microfluidic channel-integrated Nafion strip	We demonstrate a monolithic polymer electrolyte membrane fuel cell by integrating a narrow (200 mu m) Nafion strip in a molded polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS) structure. We propose two designs, based on two 200 mu m-wide and two 80 mu m-wide parallel microfluidic channels, sandwiching the Nafion strip, respectively. Clamping the PDMS/Nafion assembly with a glass chip that has catalyst-covered Au electrodes, results in a leak-tight fuel cell with stable electrical output. Using 1 M CH3OH in 0.5 M H2SO4 solution as fuel in the anodic channel, we compare the performance of (1) O-2-saturated 0.5 M H2SO4 and (II) 0.01 M H2O2 in 0.5 M H2SO4 oxidant solutions in the cathodic channel. For the 200 mu m channel width, the fuel cell has a maximum power density of 0.5 mW cm(-2) and 1.5 mW cm(-2) at room temperature, for oxidants I and II, respectively, with fuel and oxidant flow rates in the 50-160 mu L min(-1) range. A maximum power density of 3.0 mW cm(-2) is obtained, using oxidant II for the chip with 80 mu m-wide channel. due to an improved design that reduces oxidant and fuel depletion effects near the electrodes. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2009-01-01	Journal of Power Sources
10.1117/1.1455013	Scattered data interpolation methods for electronic imaging systems: a survey	Numerous problems in electronic imaging systems involve the need to interpolate from irregularly spaced data. One example is the calibration of color input/output devices with respect to a common intermediate objective color space, such as <i>XYZ</i> or L*a*b*. In the present report we survey some of the most important methods of scattered data interpolation in two-dimensional and in three-dimensional spaces. We review both single-valued cases, where the underlying function has the form f:R<sup>2</sup>→R or f:R<sup>3</sup>→R, and multivalued cases, where the underlying function is <b>f</b>:R<sup>2</sup>→R<sup>2</sup> or <b>f</b>:R<sup>3</sup>→R<sup>3</sup>. The main methods we review include linear triangular (or tetrahedral) interpolation, cubic triangular (Clough-Tocher) interpolation, triangle based blending interpolation, inverse distance weighted methods, radial basis function methods, and natural neighbor interpolation methods. We also review one method of scattered data fitting, as an illustration to the basic differences between scattered data interpolation and scattered data fitting	2002-01-01	Journal of Electronic Imaging
10.1016/j.engstruct.2022.114442	Considerations on the partial safety factor format for reinforced concrete structures accounting for multiple failure modes	The increasing usage of nonlinear analyses for the design of reinforced concrete structures and the necessity of codes of practice to provide a consistent safety format for them is one of the challenges that new generations of codes of practice are facing. Suitable safety formats shall thus account for the peculiarities of nonlinear analysis, such as the possibility of having multiple potential failure modes. In this paper, the applicability of the classical Partial Safety Factor Format (PSFF) for the resistance of reinforced concrete structures (composed of two safety factors: gamma C for concrete compressive strength and gamma S for reinforcement yield strength) is investigated accounting for the possibility of multiple failure modes in nonlinear analysis. In addition, the similarities between nonlinear analysis and typical simple cases in the design of structural concrete are shown. Reliability analysis is performed for the design resistance of concrete structures according to PSFF under different design situations (crosssectional resistance or load-bearing capacity of structural elements and of simple structural systems). The results show that the PSFF applied to material strength variables leads to a satisfactory level of reliability, independently of the development of different failure modes induced by material uncertainties in nonlinear analysis. In addition, it is also observed that the simplification of integrating geometrical and model uncertainties into the partial safety factors for material strength variables can potentially underestimate their influence on the structural reliability in some cases. The case studies shows that occurrence of multiple failure modes can result into significantly different distribution characteristics between the tail and most probable region of the resistance of concrete structures. Attention should also be paid to a proper tail approximation of the probability distribution of the resistance when calibrating safety formats for concrete structures.	2022-08-01	Engineering Structures
10.1039/c9cp04681j	Spin-dependent charge transfer at chiral electrodes probed by magnetic resonance	Chirality-induced spin selectivity is evidenced by exciting the spin resonance of radicals in an electrochemical cell where the working electrode is covered with a chiral self-assembled monolayer. Because the electron transfer to and from the paramagnetic radical is spin dependent, the electrochemical current changes at resonance. This electrically-detected magnetic resonance (EDMR) is monitored by a lock-in detection based on electrode voltage modulation, at a frequency that optimizes the sensitivity of the differential conductance to the electrode charge transfer process. The method is validated using p-doped GaAs electrodes in which the conduction band electrons are hyperpolarized by a well-known method of optical spin pumping with circularly polarized light. Gold electrodes covered with peptides consisting of 5 alanine groups (Al5) present a relative current change of up to 5 x 10(-5) when the resonance condition is met, corresponding to a spin filtering efficiency between 6 and 19%.	2020-01-21	Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics
10.1002/hlca.202000115	Multicomponent Alginate-Derived Hydrogel Microspheres Presenting Hybrid Ionic-Covalent Network and Drug Eluting Properties	The development of multifunctional encapsulation biomaterials could help the translation of cell‐based therapies into standard medical care. One of the major hurdles in the field of encapsulated cell transplantation is the current lack of materials presenting optimal properties, including long term stability, mechanical durability and non‐immunogenic character. Modification of sodium alginate (Na‐alg) with polyethylene glycol (PEG) derivatives, without restricting its gelling abilities, appeared as an efficient strategy to produce dual ionic‐covalent spherical hydrogels with enhanced mechanical performance as well as drug‐eluting microspheres (MS) for the mitigation of inflammatory response after transplantation. In this study, the combination of PEGylated alginates equipped with cross‐reactive functionalities and the anti‐inflammatory drug ketoprofen (KET) resulted in the assembly of multifunctional (MF) hybrid MS, merging the advantages of ionic‐covalent hydrogels with the ability for controlled drug delivery. Physical characterization confirmed their improved mechanical resistance, their higher shape recovery performance and increased stability toward non‐gelling ions, as compared to pure Ca‐alg hydrogels. In vitro release kinetics revealed the controlled and sustained delivery of KET for over two weeks.	2020-07-30	Helvetica Chimica Acta
10.1109/JPHOTOV.2021.3074072	Influence of the Dopant Gas Precursor in P-Type Nanocrystalline Silicon Layers on the Performance of Front Junction Heterojunction Solar Cells	Silicon heterojunction solar cells can employ p-type hydrogenated nanocrystalline silicon nc-Si:H(p) on their front side, since these can provide better transparency and contact resistance compared to hydrogenated p-type amorphous silicon layers. We investigate here the influence of trimethyl boron (TMB) and BF3 as dopant source on the layer properties and its performance in solar cells. Both gases enable high efficiencies but yield a different crystallinity and effective doping. A high BF3 flow lowers the series resistance through a low activation energy of dark lateral conductivity and maintains a high crystallinity. This allows fill factors up to 83%, however with the apparition of a parasitic absorption in the UV. A low TMB flow enables simultaneously a high crystallinity and a low activation energy. As an illustration of this layer potential, a 23.9%-certified efficiency is achieved with a 2 x 2 cm(2) screen-printed device. We finally suggest that similar transport versus transparency trade-offs can be reached for both dopant types for front junction application, while high BF3 flow allowing lower series resistance might be of interest when placed on the rear side.	2021-07-01	Ieee Journal Of Photovoltaics
10.1016/j.jnnfm.2003.07.003	Linear stability analysis of time-dependent algorithms with spectral element methods for the simulation of viscoelastic flows	In order to better understand the sources of numerical instabilities occurring in the simulation of time-dependent flows of viscoelastic fluids at high Weissenberg numbers, we have used various types of linear stability analyses. In complement to the limited number of investigations related to the well-posedness of problems involving the flows of viscoelatic fluids, linear stability studies of steady viscoelastic flows have been carried out by various authors in both theoretical and numerical fields. In contrast to most published work where the equations have only been discretized in the cross-stream direction using a formulation with the stream function, we have used the full spatial discretization with spectral elements since we are more interested in computing the eigenvalue spectra generated by the spatial and temporal discretizations than the ones inherent in the partial differential equations. Our analysis enables us to investigate the influence of the spatial discretization, the time schemes, the various operators present in the conservation and constitutive equations and boundary conditions on the linear stability of the constitutive models.	2003-01-01	Journal of Non-Newtonian Fluid Mechanics
10.1109/TSP.2006.890843	Self-Similarity: Part I—Splines and Operators	The central theme of this pair of papers (Parts I and II in this issue) is self-similarity, which is used as a bridge for connecting splines and fractals. The first part of the investigation is deterministic, and the context is that of L-splines; these are defined in the following terms: s(t) is a cardinal L-spline iff $L\{s(t)\} = \sum _{ k \in Z } a\[k\] \delta (t-k)$, where L is a suitable pseudodifferential operator. Our starting point for the construction of "self-similar" splines is the identification of the class of differential operators L that are both translation and scale invariant. This results into a two-parameter family of generalized fractional derivatives, $ \partial _{ \tau } ^{ \gamma } $ , where γ is the order of the derivative and τ is an additional phase factor. We specify the corresponding L-splines, which yield an extended class of fractional splines. The operator $ \partial _{ \tau } ^{ \gamma } $ is used to define a scale-invariant energy measure—the squared $ L _{ 2 } $-norm of the γth derivative of the signal—which provides a regularization functional for interpolating or fitting the noisy samples of a signal. We prove that the corresponding variational (or smoothing) spline estimator is a cardinal fractional spline of order 2γ, which admits a stable representation in a B-spline basis. We characterize the equivalent frequency response of the estimator and show that it closely matches that of a classical Butterworth filter of order 2γ. We also establish a formal link between the regularization parameter λ and the cutoff frequency of the smoothing spline filter: $ \omega _{ 0 } \approx \lambda ^{ -2\gamma } $ . Finally, we present an efficient computational solution to the fractional smoothing spline problem: It uses the fast Fourier transform and takes advantage of the multiresolution properties of the underlying basis functions.	2007-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Signal Processing
10.1371/journal.pcbi.1002848	Network Self-Organization Explains the Statistics and Dynamics of Synaptic Connection Strengths in Cortex	The information processing abilities of neural circuits arise from their synaptic connection patterns. Understanding the laws governing these connectivity patterns is essential for understanding brain function. The overall distribution of synaptic strengths of local excitatory connections in cortex and hippocampus is long-tailed, exhibiting a small number of synaptic connections of very large efficacy. At the same time, new synaptic connections are constantly being created and individual synaptic connection strengths show substantial fluctuations across time. It remains unclear through what mechanisms these properties of neural circuits arise and how they contribute to learning and memory. In this study we show that fundamental characteristics of excitatory synaptic connections in cortex and hippocampus can be explained as a consequence of self-organization in a recurrent network combining spike-timing-dependent plasticity (STDP), structural plasticity and different forms of homeostatic plasticity. In the network, associative synaptic plasticity in the form of STDP induces a rich-get-richer dynamics among synapses, while homeostatic mechanisms induce competition. Under distinctly different initial conditions, the ensuing self-organization produces long-tailed synaptic strength distributions matching experimental findings. We show that this self-organization can take place with a purely additive STDP mechanism and that multiplicative weight dynamics emerge as a consequence of network interactions. The observed patterns of fluctuation of synaptic strengths, including elimination and generation of synaptic connections and long-term persistence of strong connections, are consistent with the dynamics of dendritic spines found in rat hippocampus. Beyond this, the model predicts an approximately power-law scaling of the lifetimes of newly established synaptic connection strengths during development. Our results suggest that the combined action of multiple forms of neuronal plasticity plays an essential role in the formation and maintenance of cortical circuits.	2013-01-01	Plos Computational Biology
10.1088/0741-3335/38/8/047	Effect on confinement of edge-localized modes in TCV	The effect of ELMs on confinement in ohmic H-modes has been investigated by analysing the rates of change of global parameters such as the electron content and the stored energy as a function of ELM frequency. In double-null H-modes, ELMs are found to expel on average 2% of the electron content and 2.5% of the stored energy. In single-null discharges which are separated by more than 2.2 cm from the inner wall, larger ELMs are observed which expel on average 3-7% of the electron content and 3-12% of the stored energy. When the plasma-wall distance is reduced, ELM frequencies increase and ELM amplitudes decrease. Quasi-stationary I-I-modes are obtained for f(ELM) approximate to 130 Hz in double-null plasmas and for f(ELM) in the range 50-300 Hz in single-null plasmas, depending upon the plasma-wall distance and the ELM amplitude. The reduction in particle confinement due to the ELMs is sufficient to bring the ratio of particle to energy confinement times below 8-12 depending upon the ELM size and frequency.	1996-01-01	Plasma Physics and Controlled Fusion
10.3390/atmos10070367	Generalized Electric Field Equations of a Time-Varying Current Distribution Based on the Electromagnetic Fields of Moving and Accelerating Charges	In several studies conducted recently, it was shown that equations pertinent to the electric and magnetic fields produced by electrical charges in motion can be used to calculate the electromagnetic fields produced by current pulses propagating along linearly restricted paths. An example includes the case of current pulses propagating along conductors and conducting channels such as lightning. In this paper, it is shown how the technique can be applied to estimate the electromagnetic fields generated by current and charge distributions moving in arbitrary directions in space. The analysis shows that, depending on the way the problem is formulated using the field equations pertinent to accelerating charges, one procedure leads to the generalized dipole equations, which are independent of the velocity of propagation of the current, and the other procedure leads to a set of equations that depend on the velocity. Using the well-tested transmission line model of lightning return strokes as an example, it is shown that both sets of field equations give rise to the same total electromagnetic field.	2019-01-01	Atmosphere
10.3390/bios12080559	Thermally Drawn CNT-Based Hybrid Nanocomposite Fiber for Electrochemical Sensing	Nowadays, bioelectronic devices are evolving from rigid to flexible materials and substrates, among which thermally-drawn-fiber-based bioelectronics represent promising technologies thanks to their inherent flexibility and seamless integration of multi-functionalities. However, electrochemical sensing within fibers remains a poorly explored area, as it imposes new demands for material properties-both the electrochemical sensitivity and the thermomechanical compatibility with the fiber drawing process. Here, we designed and fabricated microelectrode fibers made of carbon nanotube (CNT)-based hybrid nanocomposites and further evaluated their detailed electrochemical sensing performances. Carbon-black-impregnated polyethylene (CB-CPE) was chosen as the base material, into which CNT was loaded homogeneously in a concentration range of 3.8 to 10 wt%. First, electrical impedance characterization of CNT nanocomposites showed a remarkable decrease of the resistance with the increase in CNT loading ratio, suggesting that CNTs notably increased the effective electrical current pathways inside the composites. In addition, the proof-of-principle performance of fiber-based microelectrodes was characterized for the detection of ferrocenemethanol (FcMeOH) and dopamine (DA), exhibiting an ultra-high sensitivity. Additionally, we further examined the long-term stability of such composite-based electrode in exposure to the aqueous environment, mimicking the in vivo or in vitro settings. Later, we functionalized the surface of the microelectrode fiber with ion-sensitive membranes (ISM) for the selective sensing of Na+ ions. The miniature fiber-based electrochemical sensor developed here holds great potential for standalone point-of-care sensing applications. In the future, taking full advantage of the thermal drawing process, the electrical, optical, chemical, and electrochemical modalities can be all integrated together within a thin strand of fiber. This single fiber can be useful for fundamental multi-mechanistic studies for biological applications and the weaved fibers can be further applied for daily health monitoring as functional textiles.	2022-08-01	Biosensors-Basel
10.1016/S0168-3659(02)00353-X	Comparative study of GDNF delivery systems for the CNS: polymer rods, encapsulated cells, and lentiviral vectors	Glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) holds great promise for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. In humans, its intracerebroventricular administration leads to limiting side effects. Direct parenchymal delivery using mechanical means, or cell and gene therapy represent potential alternatives. In the present study, a representative of each of these three approaches, i.e. polymer rods, genetically modified encapsulated cells and lentiviral vectors was analyzed for its ability to release GDNF in the striatum of rats. One week post-surgery, GDNF was detected over a distance of 4 mm with all three methods. At 4 weeks GDNF staining diminished with rods and to a lesser extent with encapsulated cells, whereas it increased with lentiviral vectors. Nanogram range of GDNF was measured with all methods at 1 week. At 4 weeks, GDNF levels decreased significantly with rods, whereas they remained stable with encapsulated cells and lentiviral vectors. We conclude that all three methods investigated allow striatal delivery of GDNF, but the time during which it needs to be released will determine the approach chosen for clinical application.	2003-01-01	J Control Release
10.1021/ma900052g	Copolymerization of a cationic double-charged monomer and electrochemical properties of the copolymers	The free radical copolymerization of 1,3-bis(N,N,N-trimethylammonium)-2-propylmethacrylate dichloride (di-M) with acryloyloxyethyltrimethylammonium chloride (Q), diallyldimethylammonium chloride (DADMAC), and acrylamide (A) yielded novel polyelectrolytes and allowed for assessing the inﬂuence of the charge density and charge location on the monomer reactivity. Copolymerizing di-M and Q, two monomers with comparable chemical structure but differing by factor two in the number of charges, the reactivity of Q was higher than the reactivity of di-M. However, the difference diminished with increasing ionic strength. Despite 4-fold less cationic charge per monomer unit length, the reactivity of DADMAC was much lower than the reactivity of di-M. This clearly demonstrates the dominating inﬂuence of the location of the growing radical. The difference of the reactivity ratios for di-M/A was less than for di-M/Q. At low di-M fraction in the di-M/A monomer feed, di-M was even preferred. Decreasing intrinsic viscosity with increasing di-M fraction in the di-M/A monomer feed conﬁrmed the electrostatic inﬂuence on the copolymer chain propagation. The counterion activity correlates well with the linear average charge density. However, deviation from theoretical values suggests the impact of the charge distribution.	2009-01-01	Macromolecules
10.1039/D2CC00768A	Vanadium complexes with N-heterocyclic vinylidene ligands	The preparation and the structural characterization of vanadium complexes with terminal and bridging N-heterocyclic vinylidene ligands is reported. The synthesis of the complexes was enabled by utilization of diazoolefins as ligand precursors. Structural data and theoretical results show that N-heterocyclic vinylidenes can act as 6e− donor ligands, leading to strong metal–carbon interactions.	2022-01-01	Chemical Communications
10.1021/ja002747v	Probing Aerogels by Multiple Quantum Filtered 131Xe NMR Spectroscopy	At the interface between solid surfaces and cavities filled with gaseous or liq. Xe, the nuclear magnetization of 131Xe (S = 3/2) is subject to quadrupolar interactions which may lead to higher rank single-quantum coherences that can be described by tensor elements T2,+-1 and T3,+-1. This can be demonstrated by multiple-quantum filtered (MQF) NMR expts. In gaseous Xe on Pyrex surfaces, the primary source of such coherences is coherent evolution induced by a nonvanishing av. quadrupolar coupling. In this contribution, MQF NMR is applied to aerogels filled with liq. Xe to demonstrate the potential of this technique for material sciences. Xe in the liq. phase provides a sufficient spin d. to obtain reasonable signal-to-noise ratios. Coherent evolution and relaxation both contribute to the creation of higher rank coherences depending on the presence or absence of H2O mols. on the surface. These 2 processes can be distinguished exptl. and provide complementary information about the surface of the host material. [on SciFinder (R)]	2001-01-01	Journal of the American Chemical Society
10.1016/j.ecoenv.2009.09.009	Leaching and transformability of transgenic DNA in unsaturated soil columns	Unsaturated soil columns were used to examine the transport of the plasmid pLEPO1 and plant DNA (transplastomic tobacco DNA), both carrying an antibiotic resistance gene (aadA gene), and the capacity of bacteria to incorporate the gene in their genome after its passage through the soil. Soil columns containing a top leaf layer had sterile water percolated through them at a rate of 0.5 mL h(-1). DNA from column leachate water was extracted and analyzed. Quantitative measurements included total DNA concentrations in the water and the transformation frequencies of Acinetobacter sp. BD413 by DNA in the column effluent. Qualitative measurements included the relative degradation of DNA after passage in the columns by agarose gel electrophoresis and the potential of effluent DNA to transform bacteria, leading to the production of anti biotic-resistant bacteria. The presence of aadA gene in the leachate water of soil columns suggests the mobility of DNA in unsaturated soil medium. The extent of DNA degradation was found to be proportional to its residence time in the soil column while a fraction of DNA was always able to incorporate into the Acinetobacter genome under all conditions studied. These results suggest that biologically active transgenic DNA might be transported downward by rain in unsaturated soils. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2010-01-01	Ecotoxicology And Environmental Safety
10.1007/BF02568278	The Schwarz lemma for nonpositively curved Riemannian surfaces	In this paper, we prove that if f is a conformal map between two Riemannian surfaces, and if the curvature of the target is nonpositive and less than or equal to the curvature of the source, then the map is contracting.	1991-01-01	Manuscr. Math
10.1021/jp206312g	Ruthenium Sensitizer with Thienothiophene-Linked Carbazole Antennas in Conjunction with Liquid Electrolytes for Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells	A new heteroleptic ruthenium complex, coded CYC-B12, incorporating an antenna ligand composed of sequential connections of a thienothiophene conjugated bridge and carbazole hole-transport moiety was prepared. This new sensitizer exhibits a lower energy MLCT band centered at 555 nm with a high molar absorption coefficient of 2.24 x 10(4) M-1 cm(-1). The device sensitized by CYC-B12 in conjunction with a volatile electrolyte shows a high photovoltaic efficiency of 9.4% under an illumination of standard global AM 1.5G sunlight. With a low-volatile electrolyte, the cell based on this new sensitizer shows not only a good conversion efficiency of 8.2% but also excellent durability (>96%) under light soaking at 60 degrees C in a simulated sunlight for 1000 h. The difference in the electron recombination kinetics caused by various liquid electrolytes or aging process is also investigated by employing the transient photoelectrical measurements.	2011-01-01	Journal Of Physical Chemistry C
10.1371/journal.pcbi.1009749	Molecular basis of Arginine and Lysine DNA sequence-dependent thermo-stability modulation	We have used a variety of theoretical and experimental techniques to study the role of four basic amino acids-Arginine, Lysine, Ornithine and L-2,4-Diaminobutyric acid-on the structure, flexibility and sequence-dependent stability of DNA. We found that the presence of organic ions stabilizes the duplexes and significantly reduces the difference in stability between AT- and GC-rich duplexes with respect to the control conditions. This suggests that these amino acids, ingredients of the primordial soup during abiogenesis, could have helped to equalize the stability of AT- and GC-rich DNA oligomers, facilitating a general non-catalysed self-replication of DNA. Experiments and simulations demonstrate that organic ions have an effect that goes beyond the general electrostatic screening, involving specific interactions along the grooves of the double helix. We conclude that organic ions, largely ignored in the DNA world, should be reconsidered as crucial structural elements far from mimics of small inorganic cations.	2022-01-01	Plos Computational Biology
10.1103/PhysRevB.69.235102	Density-functional perturbational theory for dielectric tensors in the ultrasoft pseudopotential scheme	We introduce a density-functional perturbational scheme based on ultrasoft pseudopotentials for calculating dielectric tensors of periodic systems. We obtain a variational functional for the second-order derivative of the energy with respect to an electric field. Our scheme makes use of the correspondence between all-electron and pseudo-wave-functions introduced in the projector augmented wave method. While we here specifically focus on ultrasoft pseudopotentials, our scheme also covers the case of norm-conserving ones. In the latter case, our formulation coincides with earlier ones but highlights the implied approximations. By construction, our scheme also applies to the all-electron projector augmented wave method. We first assess the validity of our scheme by calculating polarizability tensors and Raman intensities of small molecules (H2O, CH4, NH3). We find good agreement with both experimental data and previous all-electron results. We then illustrate the potential of our scheme for treating systems of relatively large size through an application to a disordered model structure of vitreous silica.	2004-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1364/OPTICA.503022	Voltage-tunable optical parametric oscillator with an alternating dispersion dimer integrated on a chip	Optical parametric oscillators enable the conversion of pump light to new frequency bands using nonlinear optical processes. Recent advances in integrated nonlinear photonics have led to the creation of compact, chip-scale sources via Kerr-nonlinearity-induced parametric oscillations. While these sources have provided broadband wavelength tuning, the ability to tune the emission wavelength via dynamically altering the dispersion has not been attained so far. Here we present a voltage-tunable, on-chip integrated optical parametric oscillator based on an alternating-dispersion dimer, allowing us to tune the emission over nearly 20 THz near 1550 nm. Unlike previous approaches, our device eliminates the need for a widely tunable pump laser source and provides efficient pump filtering at the drop port of the auxiliary ring. Integration of this scheme on a chip opens up the possibility of compact and low-cost voltage-tunable parametric oscillators with diverse application possibilities. (c) 2023 Optica Publishing Group under the terms of the Optica Open Access Publishing Agreement	2023-11-20	Optica
10.15252/msb.20199002	Endogenous fluctuations of OCT 4 and SOX 2 bias pluripotent cell fate decisions	SOX2 and OCT4 are pioneer transcription factors playing a key role in embryonic stem (ES) cell self‐renewal and differentiation. How temporal fluctuations in their expression levels bias lineage commitment is unknown. Here, we generated knock‐in reporter fusion ES cell lines allowing to monitor endogenous SOX2 and OCT4 protein fluctuations in living cells and to determine their impact on mesendodermal and neuroectodermal commitment. We found that small differences in SOX2 and OCT4 levels impact cell fate commitment in G1 but not in S phase. Elevated SOX2 levels modestly increased neuroectodermal commitment and decreased mesendodermal commitment upon directed differentiation. In contrast, elevated OCT4 levels strongly biased ES cells towards both neuroectodermal and mesendodermal fates in undirected differentiation. Using ATAC‐seq on ES cells gated for different endogenous SOX2 and OCT4 levels, we found that high OCT4 levels increased chromatin accessibility at differentiation‐associated enhancers. This suggests that small endogenous fluctuations of pioneer transcription factors can bias cell fate decisions by concentration‐dependent priming of differentiation‐associated enhancers.	2019-01-01	Molecular Systems Biology
10.1109/TIT.2008.917635	Dimensionality Reduction for Distributed Estimation in the Infinite Dimensional Regime	Distributed estimation of an unknown signal is a common task in sensor networks. The scenario usually envisioned consists of several nodes, each making an observation correlated with the signal of interest. The acquired data is then wirelessly transmitted to a central reconstruction point that aims at estimating the desired signal within a prescribed accuracy. Motivated by the obvious processing limitations inherent to such distributed infrastructures, we seek to find efficient compression schemes that account for limited available power and communication bandwidth. In this paper, we propose a transform-based approach to this problem where each sensor provides the central reconstruction point with a low-dimensional approximation of its local observation by means of a suitable linear transform. Under the mean-squared error criterion, we derive the optimal solution to apply at one sensor assuming all else being fixed. This naturally leads to an iterative algorithm whose optimality properties are exemplified using a simple though illustrative correlation model. The stationarity issue is also investigated. Under restrictive assumptions, we then provide an asymptotic distortion analysis, as the size of the observed vectors becomes large. Our derivation relies on a variation of the Toeplitz distribution theorem which allows to provide a reverse "water-filling" perspective to the problem of optimal dimensionality reduction. We illustrate, with a first-order Gauss-Markov model, how our findings allow to compute analytical closed-form distortion formulas that provide an accurate estimation of the reconstruction error obtained in the finite dimensional regime.	2008-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Information Theory
10.1145/3597311	Self-triggered Control with Energy Harvesting Sensor Nodes	Distributed embedded systems are pervasive components jointly operating in a wide range of applications. Moving toward energy harvesting powered systems enables their long-term, sustainable, scalable, and maintenance-free operation. When these systems are used as components of an automatic control system to sense a control plant, energy availability limits when and how often sensed data are obtainable and therefore when and how often control updates can be performed. The time-varying and non-deterministic availability of harvested energy and the necessity to plan the energy usage of the energy harvesting sensor nodes ahead of time, on the one hand, have to be balanced with the dynamically changing and complex demand for control updates from the automatic control plant and thus energy usage, on the other hand. We propose a hierarchical approach with which the resources of the energy harvesting sensor nodes are managed on a long time horizon and on a faster timescale, self-triggered model predictive control controls the plant. The controller of the harvesting-based nodes' resources schedules the future energy usage ahead of time and the self-triggered model predictive control incorporates these time-varying energy constraints. For this novel combination of energy harvesting and automatic control systems, we derive provable properties in terms of correctness, feasibility, and performance. We evaluate the approach on a double integrator and demonstrate its usability and performance in a room temperature and air quality control case study.	2023-07-01	Acm Transactions On Cyber-Physical Systems
10.1007/s10207-015-0295-8	On Selection of Samples in Algebraic Attacks and a New Technique to Find Hidden Low Degree Equations	The best way of selecting samples in algebraic attacks against block ciphers is not well explored and understood. We introduce a simple strategy for selecting the plaintexts and demonstrate its strength by breaking reduced-round KATAN, LBLOCK and SIMON. For each case, we present a practical attack on reduced round version which outperforms previous attempts of algebraic cryptanalysis whose complexities were close to exhaustive search. The attack is based on the selection of samples using cube attack and ELIMLIN which was presented at FSE'12, and a new technique called proning. In the case of LBLOCK, we break 10 out of 32 rounds. In KATAN, we break 78 out of 254 rounds. Unlike previous attempts which break smaller number of rounds, we do not guess any bit of the key and we only use structural properties of the cipher to be able to break a higher number of rounds with much lower complexity. We show that cube attacks owe their success to the same properties and therefore, can be used as a heuristic for selecting the samples in an algebraic attack. The performance of ELIMLIN is further enhanced by the new proning technique, which allows to discover linear equations that are not found by ELIMLIN.	2016-01-01	International Journal of Information Security
10.1109/78.157221	Wavelets and Filter Banks: Theory and Design	The wavelet transform is compared with the more classical short-time Fourier transform approach to signal analysis. Then the relations between wavelets, filter banks, and multiresolution signal processing are explored. A brief review is given of perfect reconstruction filter banks, which can be used both for computing the discrete wavelet transform, and for deriving continuous wavelet bases, provided that the filters meet a constraint known as regularity. Given a low-pass filter, necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of a complementary high-pass filter that will permit perfect reconstruction are derived. The perfect reconstruction condition is posed as a Bezout identity, and it is shown how it is possible to find all higher-degree complementary filters based on an analogy with the theory of Diophantine equations. An alternative approach based on the theory of continued fractions is also given. These results are used to design highly regular filter banks, which generate biorthogonal continuous wavelet bases with symmetries	1992-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Signal Processing
10.7554/eLife.83373	Z-REX uncovers a bifurcation in function of Keap1 paralogs	Studying electrophile signaling is marred by difficulties in parsing changes in pathway flux attributable to on-target, vis-& agrave;-vis off-target, modifications. By combining bolus dosing, knockdown, and Z- REX & mdash;a tool investigating on- target/on-pathway electrophile signaling, we document that electrophile labeling of one zebrafish- Keap1- paralog (zKeap1b) stimulates Nrf2driven antioxidant response (AR) signaling (like the human-ortholog). Conversely, zKeap1a is a dominant-negative regulator of electrophile-promoted Nrf2signaling, and itself is nonpermissive for electrophile-induced Nrf2upregulation. This behavior is recapitulated in human cells: (1) zKeap1b-expressing cells are permissive for augmented AR-signaling through reduced zKeap1b-Nrf2 binding following whole -cell electrophile treatment; (2) zKeap1a-expressing cells are non-permissive for AR-upregulation, as zKeap1a-Nrf2 binding capacity remains unaltered upon whole -cell electrophile exposure; (3) 1:1 ZKeap1a:zKeap1b-co-expressing cells show no Nrf2release from the Keap1-complex following whole -cell electrophile administration, rendering these cells unable to upregulate AR. We identified a zKeap1a-specific point-mutation (C273I) responsible for zKeap1a's behavior during electrophilic stress. Human-Keap1(C273I), of known diminished Nrf2regulatory capacity, dominantly muted electrophile-induced Nrf2signaling. These studies highlight divergent and interdependent electrophile signaling behaviors, despite conserved electrophile sensing.	2022-10-27	Elife
10.1364/OE.23.017437	85 W VECSEL output at 1270 nm with conversion efficiency of 59 %	We report on 1270 nm vertical-external-cavity surface-emitting lasers (VECSELs) with up to 59% conversion efficiency and maximum output power of 8.5 W (pump limited), at 5 degrees C heat sink temperature. These VECSELs comprised wafer-fused gain mirrors in the flip-chip (thin-disk) heat dissipation scheme. The reflected pump light from the gain mirror surface was found to depend considerably on temperature and pump power. (C) 2015 Optical Society of America	2015-01-01	Optics Express
10.1098/rsif.2021.0844	Epidemicity of cholera spread and the fate of infection control measures	The fate of ongoing infectious disease outbreaks is predicted through reproduction numbers, defining the long-term establishment of the infection, and epidemicity indices, tackling the reactivity of the infectious pool to new contagions. Prognostic metrics of unfolding outbreaks are of particular importance when designing adaptive emergency interventions facing real-time assimilation of epidemiological evidence. Our aim here is twofold. First, we propose a novel form of the epidemicity index for the characterization of cholera epidemics in spatial models of disease spread. Second, we examine in hindsight the survey of infections, treatments and containment measures carried out for the now extinct 2010–2019 Haiti cholera outbreak, to suggest that magnitude and timing of non-pharmaceutical and vaccination interventions imply epidemiological responses recapped by the evolution of epidemicity indices. Achieving negative epidemicity greatly accelerates fading of infections and thus proves a worthwhile target of containment measures. We also show that, in our model, effective reproduction numbers and epidemicity indices are explicitly related. Therefore, providing an upper bound to the effective reproduction number (significantly lower than the unit threshold) warrants negative epidemicity and, in turn, a rapidly fading outbreak preventing coalescence of sparse local sub-threshold flare-ups.	2022-03-09	Journal of The Royal Society Interface
10.1016/j.jde.2010.03.001	Exponential decay and Fredholm properties in second-order quasilinear elliptic systems	We consider second-order quasilinear elliptic systems on un-bounded domains in the setting of Sobolev spaces. We complete our earlier work on the Fredholm and properness properties of the associated differential operators by giving verifiable conditions for the linearization to be Fredholm of index zero. This opens the way to using the degree for C-1-Fredholm maps of index zero as a tool in the study of such quasilinear systems. Our work also enables us to check the Fredholm assumption which plays an important role in Rabies approach to proving exponential decay to zero at infinity of solutions. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2010-01-01	Journal Of Differential Equations
10.1038/s41598-020-58533-2	Uncovering EEG Correlates of Covert Attention in Soccer Goalkeepers: Towards Innovative Sport Training Procedures	Advances in sports sciences and neurosciences offer new opportunities to design efficient and motivating sport training tools. For instance, using NeuroFeedback (NF), athletes can learn to self-regulate specific brain rhythms and consequently improve their performances. Here, we focused on soccer goalkeepers' Covert Visual Spatial Attention (CVSA) abilities, which are essential for these athletes to reach high performances. We looked for Electroencephalography (EEG) markers of CVSA usable for virtual reality-based NF training procedures, i.e., markers that comply with the following criteria: (1) specific to CVSA, (2) detectable in real-time and (3) related to goalkeepers' performance/expertise. Our results revealed that the best-known EEG marker of CVSA-increased alpha-power ipsilateral to the attended hemi-field-was not usable since it did not comply with criteria 2 and 3. Nonetheless, we highlighted a significant positive correlation between athletes' improvement in CVSA abilities and the increase of their alpha-power at rest. While the specificity of this marker remains to be demonstrated, it complied with both criteria 2 and 3. This result suggests that it may be possible to design innovative ecological training procedures for goalkeepers, for instance using a combination of NF and cognitive tasks performed in virtual reality.	2020-02-03	Scientific Reports
10.3847/2041-8213/ac2de6	Observations of Forbush Decreases of Cosmic-Ray Electrons and Positrons with the Dark Matter Particle Explorer	The Forbush decrease (FD) represents the rapid decrease of the intensities of charged particles accompanied with the coronal mass ejections or high-speed streams from coronal holes. It has been mainly explored with the ground-based neutron monitor network, which indirectly measures the integrated intensities of all species of cosmic rays by counting secondary neutrons produced from interaction between atmospheric atoms and cosmic rays. The space-based experiments can resolve the species of particles but the energy ranges are limited by the relatively small acceptances except for the most abundant particles like protons and helium. Therefore, the FD of cosmic-ray electrons and positrons have just been investigated by the PAMELA experiment in the low-energy range (<5 GeV) with limited statistics. In this paper, we study the FD event that occurred in 2017 September with the electron and positron data recorded by the Dark Matter Particle Explorer. The evolution of the FDs from 2 GeV to 20 GeV with a time resolution of 6 hr are given. We observe two solar energetic particle events in the time profile of the intensity of cosmic rays, the earlier, and weaker, one has not been shown in the neutron monitor data. Furthermore, both the amplitude and recovery time of fluxes of electrons and positrons show clear energy dependence, which is important in probing the disturbances of the interplanetary environment by the coronal mass ejections.	2021-10-01	Astrophysical Journal Letters
10.5169/seals-283931	Le Corbusiers Experimente mit Putzfassaden	Die Villen der 1920er-Jahre von Le Corbusier und seinem Vetter und Partner Pierre Jeanneret sind durch Schwarz-Weiss-Fotografien als strahlend weisse Volumen in die Architekturgeschichte und die kollektive Vorstellungswelt eingegangen. Eine Sichtung der vorhandenen Quellen bringt jedoch eine ganze Bandbreite an Farbtönen auf den Fassadenoberflächen zutage. Den reinen Weisston, der im Allgemeinen mit den Bauwerken assoziiert wird, hat es in dieser Form nie gegeben; Le Corbusier verwendete ihn lediglich für «zweitrangige» Fassaden. Das Quellenstudium belegt auch, dass der Baukünstler bei der Suche nach witterungsbeständigen Putzen eng mit ausgewählten Handwerkern zusammenarbeitete.	2012-01-01	TEC21
10.1371/journal.pone.0006488	Keeping in touch with one's self: multisensory mechanisms of self-consciousness	BACKGROUND: The spatial unity between self and body can be disrupted by employing conflicting visual-somatosensory bodily input, thereby bringing neurological observations on bodily self-consciousness under scientific scrutiny. Here we designed a novel paradigm linking the study of bodily self-consciousness to the spatial representation of visuo-tactile stimuli by measuring crossmodal congruency effects (CCEs) for the full body. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: We measured full body CCEs by attaching four vibrator-light pairs to the trunks (backs) of subjects who viewed their bodies from behind via a camera and a head mounted display (HMD). Subjects made speeded elevation (up/down) judgments of the tactile stimuli while ignoring light stimuli. To modulate self-identification for the seen body subjects were stroked on their backs with a stick and the felt stroking was either synchronous or asynchronous with the stroking that could be seen via the HMD. We found that (1) tactile stimuli were mislocalized towards the seen body (2) CCEs were modulated systematically during visual-somatosensory conflict when subjects viewed their body but not when they viewed a body-sized object, i.e. CCEs were larger during synchronous than during asynchronous stroking of the body and (3) these changes in the mapping of tactile stimuli were induced in the same experimental condition in which predictable changes in bodily self-consciousness occurred. CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: These data reveal that systematic alterations in the mapping of tactile stimuli occur in a full body illusion and thus establish CCE magnitude as an online performance proxy for subjective changes in global bodily self-consciousness.	2009-01-01	PloS One
10.1093/aobpla/plad064	Seasonal variation in the xylem sap composition of six Australian trees and shrubs	In recent years, xylem sap composition has been shown to affect xylem hydraulics. However, information on how much xylem sap composition can vary across seasons and specifically under drought stress is still limited. We measured xylem sap chemical composition ([Ca2+], [K+], [Na+], electrical conductivity EC and pH) and surface tension (gamma) of six Australian angiosperm trees and shrubs over 1 year, which comprised of exceptional dry and wet periods. Percentage losses of hydraulic conductivity and predawn leaf water potential were also monitored. In all species, measured parameters changed considerably over the annual time course. Ions and pH tended to decrease during winter months whereas gamma showed a slight increase. No clear correlation was found between sap and hydraulic parameters, except for pH that was higher when plants suffered higher drought stress levels. Results indicate xylem sap composition to be complex and dynamic, where most variation in its composition seems to be dictated by season, even under severe dry conditions. However, pH might play a role as signals of drought stress.|The composition of xylem sap has been shown to affect the water status of plants, but little is known on how much it can vary across seasons and specifically under drought stress. In this study, we measured xylem sap composition of six Australian angiosperm trees and shrubs over one year, which comprised exceptional dry and wet periods. The water status of these plants was also monitored. In all species, xylem sap composition considerably changed across seasons, and no clear correlation between xylem sap and plants water status was found. Results indicate xylem sap composition to be complex and dynamic, where most variation in its composition seems to be dictated by seasons, even under severe dry conditions. However, pH was the only parameter which was higher when plants suffered higher drought stress levels and might thus play a role as signals of drought stress.	2023-10-01	Aob Plants
10.1093/bioinformatics/btn336	Synchronous versus asynchronous modeling of gene regulatory networks	In silico modeling of gene regulatory networks has gained some momentum recently due to increased interest in analyzing the dynamics of biological systems. This has been further facilitated by the increasing availability of experimental data on gene–gene, protein–protein and gene–protein interactions. The two dynamical properties that are often experimentally testable are perturbations and stable steady states. Although a lot of work has been done on the identification of steady states, not much work has been reported on in silico modeling of cellular differentiation processes. Results: In this manuscript, we provide algorithms based on reduced ordered binary decision diagrams (ROBDDs) for Boolean modeling of gene regulatory networks. Algorithms for synchronous and asynchronous transition models have been proposed and their corresponding computational properties have been analyzed. These algorithms allow users to compute cyclic attractors of large networks that are currently not feasible using existing software. Hereby we provide a framework to analyze the effect of multiple gene perturbation protocols, and their effect on cell differentiation processes. These algorithms were validated on the T-helper modelshowing the correct steady state identification and Th1–Th2 cellular differentiation process. Availability: The software binaries for Windows and Linux platforms can be downloaded from http://si2.epfl.ch/"garg/genysis.html. Contact: abhishek.garg@epfl.ch	2008-01-01	Bioinformatics
10.17645/up.v2i1.869	The Architecture of the Metacity: Land Use Change, Patch Dynamics and Urban Form in Chiang Mai, Thailand	This essay analyzes the spatial and temporal dynamics which have emerged from the rapid development of Chiang Mai, Thailand over the last four decades. Modern urbanization since the 1980s in the previously remote Chiang Mai-Lamphun Valley has coincided with digital and financial globalization, neo-liberal governance, and the articulation of a new geological era of the Anthropocene based on evidence of human induced climate change. This time frame serves as a lens to theorize the architecture of the "metacity", a new urban form and new form of urban practice responding to the demands of global digital financial networks and neo-liberal trade policies, but grounded in the ecology and life worlds of particular localities. The metacity appears in Chiang Mai within the interstices of a particularly fragmented rural/urban mix within a self-organized rather than plan-controlled built environment. The entire valley has been the site of intensive inhabitation for centuries, and recently urbanized, yet is spatially heterogeneous, extensive and patchy rather than ordered, bounded and uniform. The resulting landscape is marked by a disjunction between a feudal wet-rice cultivation land tenure structure overlaid with a market-based typology of urban real estate products with little enforcement of land use controls. The essay begins with theorizing the form of the metacity, continues with a description of the Chiang Mai case study, and concludes with a general assessment of the need to create a new form of metacity urban practice. A metacity design practice would re-conceptualize urban theories and forms by inking architectural and ecological thinking with inclusive social practices, enhanced by new digitally-enhanced urban imaginaries and new representational tools of mapping, modeling and design.	2017-01-01	Urban Planning
10.1051/0004-6361/201220352	COSMOGRAIL: the COSmological MOnitoring of GRAvItational Lenses XIII. Time delays and 9-yr optical monitoring of the lensed quasar RX J1131-1231	We present the results from nine years of optically monitoring the gravitationally lensed z(QSO) = 0.658 quasar RX J1131-1231. The R-band light curves of the four individual images of the quasar were obtained using deconvolution photometry for a total of 707 epochs. Several sharp quasar variability features strongly constrain the time delays between the quasar images. Using three different numerical techniques, we measured these delays for all possible pairs of quasar images while always processing the four light curves simultaneously. For all three methods, the delays between the three close images A, B, and C are compatible with being 0, while we measured the delay of image D to be 91 days, with a fractional uncertainty of 1.5% (1 sigma), including systematic errors. Our analysis of random and systematic errors accounts in a realistic way for the observed quasar variability, fluctuating microlensing magnification over a broad range of temporal scales, noise properties, and seasonal gaps. Finally, we find that our time-delay measurement methods yield compatible results when applied to subsets of the data.	2013-01-01	Astronomy & Astrophysics
10.1016/j.epsr.2020.106660	Siting and Sizing of Energy Storage Systems: Towards a Unified Approach for Transmission and Distribution System Operators for Reserve Provision and Grid Support	This paper presents a method to determine the optimal location, energy capacity, and power rating of distributed battery energy storage systems at multiple voltage levels to accomplish grid control and reserve provision. We model operational scenarios at a one-hour resolution, where deviations of stochastic loads and renewable generation (modeled through scenarios) from a day-ahead unit commitment and violations of grid constraints are compensated by either dispatchable power plants (conventional reserves) or injections from battery energy storage systems. By plugging-in costs of conventional reserves and capital costs of converter power ratings and energy storage capacity, the model is able to derive requirements for storage deployment that achieve the technical-economical optimum of the problem. The method leverages an efficient linearized formulation of the grid constraints of both the HV (High Voltage) and MV (Medium Voltage) grids while still retaining fundamental modeling aspects of the power system (such as transmission losses, effect of reactive power, OLTC at the MV/HV interface, unideal efficiency of battery energy storage systems) and models of conventional generator. A proof-of-concept by simulations is provided with the IEEE 9-bus system coupled with the CIGRE’ benchmark system for MV grids, realistic costs of power reserves, active power rating and energy capacity of batteries, and load and renewable generation profile from real measurements.	2020-08-11	Electric Power Systems Research
10.1016/j.nuclphysb.2024.116496	Sterile neutrinos as dark matter	I describe the sterile neutrino dark matter candidate and discuss how it may fit into the overall picture of physics beyond the Standard Model.	2024-06-01	Nuclear Physics B
10.1002/chem.201000982	Synthesis of Room-Temperature Ionic Liquids with the Weakly Coordinating [Al(ORF)4]- Anion (RF=C(H)(CF3)2) and the Determination of Their Principal Physical Properties	A large series of ionic liqs. (ILs) based on the weakly coordinating alkoxyaluminate [Al(hfip)4]- (hfip: hexafluoroisopropoxy) with classical as well as functionalized cations were prepd., and their principal phys. properties detd. M.ps. are between 0 ([C4MMIM][Al(hfip)4]) and 69 °C ([C3MPip][Al(hfip)4]); three qualify as room-temp. ILs (RTILs). Crystal structures for six ILs were detd.; their structural parameters and anion-cation contacts are compared here with known ILs, with a special focus on their influence on phys. properties. Moreover, the biodegradability of the compds. was investigated by using the closed-bottle and the manometric respirometry test. Temp.-dependent viscosities and conductivities were measured between 0 and 80 °C, and described by either the Vogel-Fulcher-Tammann (VFT) or the Arrhenius equations. Moreover, conductivities and viscosities were investigated in the context of the mol. vol., Vm. Phys. property-Vm correlations were carried out for various temps., and the temp. dependence of the mol. vol. was analyzed by using crystal structure data and DFT calcns. The IL ionicity was investigated by Walden plots; according to this anal., [Al(hfip)4]- ILs may be classified as "very good to good ILs"; while [C2MIM][Al(hfip)4] is a better IL than [C2MIM][NTf2]. The dielec. consts. of ten [Al(hfip)4]- ILs were detd., and are unexpectedly high (εr=11.5 to 16.8). This could be rationalized by considering addnl. calcd. dipole moments of the structures frozen in the solid state by DFT. The detn. of hydrogen gas soly. in [Al(hfip)4]- RTILs by high-pressure NMR spectroscopy revealed very high hydrogen solubilities at 25 °C and 1 atm. These results indicate the significant potential of this class of ILs in manifold applications.	2010-01-01	Chemistry--A European Journal
10.1109/TMRB.2022.3192763	Bioinspired Soft Bendable Peristaltic Pump Exploiting Ballooning for High Volume Throughput	Interest in bioinspired peristaltic pumps has grown in popularity among the scientific community in the last decade thanks to their extreme flexibility and their intrinsic compliance. In this paper, we propose a soft peristaltic pump exploiting ballooning. Our aim is to promote and propel forward the ballooned region by controlling the air pressure between the balloon and an external flexible containment tube, to achieve a peristaltic pumping motion with a simple design and using only one control signal. This paper describes the implementation of the pump and the inlet-pump-outlet system, provides an analytical model to predict the pump performance, and showcases experimental results. We also implement a computer simulation to further characterize the device. We show that it is possible to achieve high volumetric flow rates, up to 4.4 mL/s, with only a single control signal, paving the way for more flexible and easy to manufacture peristaltic pumps.	2022-08-01	Ieee Transactions On Medical Robotics And Bionics
10.1115/1.4056663	Geodesic Convolutional Neural Network Characterization of Macro-Porous Latent Thermal Energy Storage	High-temperature latent heat thermal energy storage with metallic alloy phase change materials (PCMs) utilize the high latent heat and high thermal conductivity to gain a competitive edge over existing sensible and latent storage technologies. Novel macroporous latent heat storage units can be used to enhance the limiting convective heat transfer between the heat transfer fluid and the PCM to attain higher power density while maintaining high energy density. 3D monolithic percolating macroporous latent heat storage unit cells with random and ordered substructure topology were created using synthetic tomography data. Full 3D thermal computational fluid dynamics (CFD) simulations with phase change modeling was performed on 1000+ such structures using effective heat capacity method and temperature- and phase-dependent thermophysical properties. Design parameters, including transient thermal and flow characteristics, phase change time and pressure drop, were extracted as output scalars from the simulated charging process. As such structures cannot be parametrized meaningfully, a mesh-based Geodesic Convolutional Neural Network (GCNN) designed to perform direct convolutions on the surface and volume meshes of the macroporous structures was trained to predict the output scalars along with pressure, temperature, velocity distributions in the volume, and surface distributions of heat flux and shear stress. An Artificial Neural Network (ANN) using macroscopic properties—porosity, surface area, and two-point surface-void correlation functions—of the structures as inputs was used as a standard regressor for comparison. The GCNN exhibited high prediction accuracy of the scalars, outperforming the ANN and linear/exponential fits, owing to the disentangling property of GCNNs where predictions were improved by the introduction of correlated surface and volume fields. The trained GCNN behaves as a coupled CFD-heat transfer emulator predicting the volumetric distribution of temperature, pressure, velocity fields, and heat flux and shear stress distributions at the PCM–HTF interface. This deep learning based methodology offers a unique, generalized, and computationally competitive way to quickly predict phase change behavior of high power density macroporous structures in a few seconds and has the potential to optimize the percolating macroporous unit cells to application specific requirements.	2023-02-03	ASME Journal of Heat and Mass Transfer
10.1016/j.immuni.2011.09.015	Cre-mediated cell ablation contests mast cell contribution in models of antibody- and T cell-mediated autoimmunity	Immunological functions of mast cells remain poorly understood. Studies in Kit mutant mice suggest key roles for mast cells in certain antibody- and T cell-mediated autoimmune diseases. However, Kit mutations affect multiple cell types of both immune and nonimmune origin. Here, we show that targeted insertion of Cre-recombinase into the mast cell carboxypeptidase A3 locus deleted mast cells in connective and mucosal tissues by a genotoxic Trp53-dependent mechanism. Cre-mediated mast cell eradication (Cre-Master) mice had, with the exception of a lack of mast cells and reduced basophils, a normal immune system. Cre-Master mice were refractory to IgE-mediated anaphylaxis, and this defect was rescued by mast cell reconstitution. This mast cell-deficient strain was fully susceptible to antibody-induced autoimmune arthritis and to experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis. Differences comparing Kit mutant mast cell deficiency models to selectively mast cell-deficient mice call for a systematic re-evaluation of immunological functions of mast cells beyond allergy.	2011-01-01	Immunity
10.1002/best.201900010	Design and construction of a railway bridge in reinforced UHPFRC – World’s first UHPFRC bridge on a main railway line	On November 11, 2017, the world's first railway bridge built in reinforced UHPFRC on a main railway line lane was put in service. The building project of the Swiss Federal Railways was realized within a replacement project of a double‐lane railway bridge of short span at Sempach in the Canton of Lucerne, Switzerland. UHPFRC is a novel cementitious fibre‐reinforced composite material of high strength and durability that provides ideal properties for application to structures of transportation infrastructure. In addition to lower life cycle costs, the modular construction method including a high prefabrication degree allows for shorter construction time and thus reduced service restrictions. The UHPFRC structure with a span of 6.0 m was equipped with a monitoring system to capture the structural behavior due to train crossings. First results of the measurements confirm the expected values that lie significantly below the calculated values. This article describes the design, dimensioning, execution and monitoring of this novel bridge structure.	2019-01-01	Beton- und Stahlbetonbau
10.1103/PhysRevB.82.134447	Magnetoresistance measurement of tailored Permalloy nanocontacts	We study the evolution of the magnetoresistance (MR) in Permalloy nanocontacts prepared by controlled low-temperature UHV electromigration in nanoring segment structures with constrictions. The ring geometry allows for the controlled and reproducible positioning of a domain wall in the nanocontacts. We observe three different resistance levels, corresponding to distinct domain-wall positions. A change in the sign of the MR difference, between a domain wall at the constriction and a domain wall next to the constriction, occurs with decreasing constriction width. This is in line with our micromagnetic simulations, where the MR is calculated based on the anisotropic MR (AMR) effect.	2010-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1103/PhysRevB.106.174433	Tensor network investigation of the hard-square model	Using the corner-transfer matrix renormalization group to contract the tensor network that describes its partition function, we investigate the nature of the phase transitions of the hard-square model, one of the exactly solved models of statistical physics for which Baxter has found an integrable manifold. The motivation is twofold: assess the power of tensor networks for such models, and probe the 2D classical analog of a 1D quantum model of hard-core bosons that has recently attracted significant attention in the context of experiments on chains of Rydberg atoms. Accordingly, we concentrate on two planes in the 3D parameter space spanned by the activity and the coupling constants in the two diagonal directions. We first investigate the only case studied so far with Monte Carlo simulations, the case of opposite coupling constants. We confirm that, away and not too far from the integrable 3-state Potts point, the transition out of the period-3 phase appears to be unique in the Huse-Fisher chiral universality class, albeit with significantly different exponents as compared to Monte Carlo. We also identify two additional phase transitions not reported so far for that model, a Lifshitz disorder line, and an Ising transition for large enough activity. To make contact with 1D quantum models of Rydberg atoms, we then turn to a plane where the ferromagnetic coupling is kept fixed, and we show that the resulting phase diagram is very similar, the only difference being that the Ising transition becomes first-order through a tricritical Ising point, in agreement with Baxter's prediction that this plane should contain a tricritical Ising point, and in remarkable, almost quantitative agreement with the phase diagram of the 1D quantum version of the model.	2022-11-28	Physical Review B
10.1021/acssensors.2c01203	Hyperpolarized (1-13C)Alaninamide Is a Multifunctional In Vivo Sensor of Aminopeptidase N Activity, pH, and CO2	Spin hyperpolarization enables real-time metabolic imaging of carbon-13-labeled substrates. While hyperpolarized L- (1-13C)alaninamide is a probe of the cell-surface tumor marker aminopeptidase-N (APN, CD13), its activity in vivo has not been described. Scanning the kidneys of rats infused with hyperpolarized alaninamide shows both conversion to [1-13C]alanine and several additional spectral peaks with distinct temporal dynamics. The (1-13C)alaninamide chemical shift is pH-sensitive, with a pKa of 7.9 at 37 degrees C, and the peaks correspond to at least three different compartments of pH 7.46 +/- 0.02 (1), 7.21 +/- 0.02 (2), and 6.58 +/- 0.05 (3). An additional peak was assigned to the carboxyamino adduct formed by reaction with dissolved CO2. Spectroscopic imaging showed nonuniform distribution, with the low-pH signal more concentrated in the inner medulla. Treatment with the diuretic acetazolamide resulted in significant pH shifts in compartment 1 to 7.38 +/- 0.03 (p = 0.0057) and compartment 3 to 6.80 +/- 0.05 (p = 0.0019). While the pH of compartment 1 correlates with blood pH, the pH of compartment 3 did not correspond to the pH of urine. In vitro experiments show that alaninamide readily enters blood cells and can detect intracellular pH. While carbamate formation depends on pH and pCO2, the carbamate-toalaninamide ratio did not correlate with either arterial blood pH or pCO2, suggesting that it may reflect variations in tissue pH and pCO2. This study demonstrates the feasibility of using hyperpolarized sensors to simultaneously image enzyme activity, pCO2, and pH in vivo.	2022-10-04	Acs Sensors
10.1016/j.solener.2004.08.002	Field solar E-coli inactivation in the absence and presence of TiO2: is UV solar dose an appropriate parameter for standardization of water solar disinfection?	Evaluation of solar treatment in the absence and presence of TiO2 has been made to assess its effectiveness in reducing bacterial load with respect to drinking water standards. Field experiments under direct solar radiation were carried out using a compound parabolic collector (CPC) placed at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL), Lausanne, Switzerland. Water contaminated with E coli K12 was exposed to sunlight in different seasons. The obtained results indicate that the presence of TiO2 accelerates the detrimental action of light. Total photocatalytic disinfection was obtained in both periods of year and no bacterial recovery was observed during 24h after stopping sunlight exposure. In the absence of TiO2, total disinfection was not always reached; and bacterial recovery was observed, especially when inactivation was not complete. Bacterial decay was mainly dependent on light intensity. It was also demonstrated that solar UV dose is not a pertinent parameter to standardize solar disinfection. The influence of the following topics on solar water disinfection is also studied in this paper: (a) UV and total solar spectra characteristics (b) volume of phototreated water (c) post-irradiation events. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2004-01-01	Solar Energy
10.1016/S0022-3115(98)00599-6	Experimental investigation of the effects of neon injection in TCV	This contribution describes the results of impurity seeding experiments using neon gas injection into the private fl zone of an ohmically heated TCV single null lower, deuterium fuelled, open divertor configuration. In these first experiments, neon has been injected under feedback control on the intensity of the UV NeVIII line at 77 nm. Measurements of the dependence of edge temperature and density on ii, at the outboard divertor target show the divertor in the absence of neon to be operating in the low recycling regime. Neon is observed to penetrate easily into the confined plasma at all densities, increasing core radiation and suppressing radiation in the divertor. This suppression is accompanied by reductions of power and particle Bur to the divertor target and D-alpha emission in the divertor volume. The most intense emission is observed in the X-point vicinity and stable discharges have been obtained at radiation fractions, P-R/P-Omega, up to 0.75. Values of (Z(eff))= 1.5-2 and (Delta Z(eff)) = 0.25-0.75 are observed at the highest densities for which the lowest core neon concentrations of approximate to 0.5-1.0% are obtained, with (Z(eff)) appearing to scale with P-R and and (n) over bar(e) according to the empirical relationship derived by Matthews (G.F. Matthews et al., J. Nucl. Mater. 241-243 (1997) 450). There is evidence for an increase in particle confinement when neon is injected, with the effect being most marked at the highest densities when the radiated power fractions are highest. Neon injection is also found to be effective in suppressing ohmic H-modes. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	1999-01-01	Journal of Nuclear Materials
10.1364/JOSAB.25.001562	Local infiltration of planar photonic crystals with UV-curable polymers	We present the local polymer infiltration of planar photonic crystal cavities via a maskless laser-writing technique. After the infiltration of the air holes with a UV-curable monomer a focused laser is used to locally polymerize the monomer in selected holes at the cavity boundaries. We show that cavity modes with different symmetries can be differently tuned depending on the size and the position of the infiltrated region around the cavity.	2008-01-01	Journal of the Optical Society of America B
10.1109/59.708813	Decision aid function for restoration of transmission power systems: conceptual design and real time considerations	This paper deals with the conceptual design of a decision aid function for restoration (DAFFOR) of transmission networks after major black-outs, and in particular with real time considerations. Some important characteristics of the proposed DAFFOR are: (a) capability of taking into account the dynamic evolution of the network state, due to either a control action or an unforeseen event; (b) interactive mode, which permits users to request a validation of their own suggestion; (c) coupling with an internal dynamic simulator which is solicited to validate any suggestion. At present, the DAFFOR is coupled with the French National Utility Operator Training Simulator (EDF OTS). After intensive testing within the OTS environment, the operational version of the DAFFOR will be developed	1998-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Power Systems
10.1109/TPS.2018.2841394	A First Analysis of JET Plasma Profile-Based Indicators for Disruption Prediction and Avoidance	Reliable algorithms for disruption avoidance and prediction are foreseen to play a fundamental role in the JET control system for the successful operation of the machine in the upcoming deuterium-tritium campaigns. The integration of such algorithms is expected to be a key part also in the implementation of the ITER plasma control system. So far, most of the effort has been devoted to the prediction of disruptions, which is required to mitigate the effects of these transient events, protecting the integrity of in-vessel components. Nevertheless, in order to put in place recover strategies or to have the possibility of a soft landing for the plasma current, the paradigm must be shifted to avoiding disruptions. In this paper, plasma profile-based indicators will be statistically analyzed showing their potential in such a perspective, where warning times and reliability of detection are crucial.	2018-07-01	Ieee Transactions On Plasma Science
10.1103/PhysRevB.84.045435	Picosecond dynamics of laser-induced strain in graphite	We report on the use of grazing-incidence time-resolved x-ray diffraction to investigate the evolution of strain in natural graphite excited by femtosecond-laser pulses in the fluence range of 6-35 mJ/cm(2). Strains corresponding to up to similar to 2.8% c-axis expansion were observed. We show that the experimental data is in good agreement with calculations based on the Thomsen strain model in conjunction with dynamical diffraction theory. Furthermore we find no evidence of nonthermal lattice expansion as reported in recent ultrafast electron-diffraction studies of laser-excited graphite conducted under comparable excitation conditions.	2011-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1016/j.knosys.2014.07.016	Industrial challenges in managing product development knowledge	To systematically create and share product development knowledge creates challenges for engineering companies. This paper presents an extensive study regarding the process of identifying such challenges in managing product development knowledge from the perspective of designers and engineers. This research is part of the LeanPPD, a project funded by the EU-PF7 (www.leanppd.eu), to address the need of European manufacturing companies for a new model, which extends beyond lean manufacturing and incorporates lean thinking into the product design and development process. A rigorous research methodology has been employed, which included the use of questionnaires and focused interviews with key informants from industry, involving forty-two product development engineers from nine different companies. The most significant concerns raised during the study concerned knowledge life cycle activities, product development environment and management. Thirty-eight challenges were identified, classified and discussed in order to provide the knowledge management community with practical evidence, and also to inform future research directions in managing product development knowledge. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2014-01-01	Knowledge-Based Systems
10.1016/S0040-4039(99)01671-8	Influence of cis-trans isomerisation on pentapeptide cyclisation	Cyclisation reactions on pentapeptides containing the turn promoting residues Gly and Pro are investigated. Although the cyclisation reaction is fast, solvent-dependent mixtures of cyclic penta- and decapeptides are observed. NMR studies suggest a strong dependence of the monomer/dimer ratio on the cis-trans isomerisation found in linear and cyclic peptides. The critical influence on ring closure of a cis Xaa-Pro peptide bond conformation is demonstrated by using the cis peptide bond-inducing residue 2,2-dimethyl-1,3-thiazolidine-4 carboxylic acid (Dmt, pseudo-proline) as proline substitute. The results shed new light on the role of cis-trans isomerisation in pentapeptide cyclisation. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.	1999-01-01	Tetrahedron Letters
10.1051/0004-6361/202243978	Potential scientific synergies in weak lensing studies between the CSST and Euclid space probes	Aims. With the next generation of large surveys poised to join the ranks of observational cosmology in the near future, it is important to explore their potential synergies and to maximize their scientific outcomes. In this study, we aim to investigate the complementarity of two upcoming space missions: Euclid and the China Space Station Telescope (CSST), both of which will be focused on weak gravitational lensing for cosmology. In particular, we analyze the photometric redshift (photo-z) measurements by combining NUV, 2006;gy bands from CSST with the VIS, Y,2006;J,2006;H bands from Euclid, and other optical bands from the ground-based Vera C. Rubin Observatory Legacy Survey of Space and Time (LSST) and Dark Energy Survey. We also consider the advantages of combining the two space observational data in simplifying image deblending. For Euclid, weak lensing measurements use the broad optical wavelength range of 550-900 nm, for which chromatic point-spread function (PSF) effects are significant. For this purpose, the CSST narrow-band data in the optical can provide valuable information for Euclid to obtain more accurate PSF measurements and to calibrate the color and color-gradient biases for galaxy shear measurements.	2023-01-23	Astronomy & Astrophysics
10.1016/j.jpsychires.2014.04.005	The role of leptin, melanocortin, and neurotrophin system genes on body weight in anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa	Objective: Although low weight is a key factor contributing to the high mortality in anorexia nervosa (AN), it is unclear how AN patients sustain low weight compared with bulimia nervosa (BN) patients with similar psychopathology. Studies of genes involved in appetite and weight regulation in eating disorders have yielded variable findings, in part due to small sample size and clinical heterogeneity. This study: (1) assessed the role of leptin, melanocortin, and neurotrophin genetic variants in conferring risk for AN and BN; and (2) explored the involvement of these genes in body mass index (BMI) variations within AN and BN. Method: Our sample consisted of 745 individuals with AN without a history of BN, 245 individuals with BN without a history of AN, and 321 controls. We genotyped 20 markers with known or putative function among genes Selected from leptin, melanocortin, and neurotrophin systems. Results: There were no significant differences in allele frequencies among individuals with AN, BN, and controls. AGRP rs13338499 polymorphism was associated with lowest illness-related BMI in those with AN (p = 0.0013), and NTRK2 rs1042571 was associated with highest BMI in those with BN (p = 0.0018). Discussion: To our knowledge, this is the first study to address the issue of clinical heterogeneity in eating disorder genetic research and to explore the role of known or putatively functional markers in genes regulating appetite and weight in individuals with AN and BN. If replicated, our results may serve as an important first step toward gaining a better understanding of weight regulation in eating disorders. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2014-01-01	Journal Of Psychiatric Research
10.1021/ic900281g	An Iron Carbonyl Pyridonate Complex Related to the Active Site of the [Fe]-Hydrogenase (Hmd)	A mononuclear iron bis(carbonyl) pyridonate complex (1), which exhibits several common structural features with the active site of the iron−sulfur cluster-free [Fe]- hydrogenase, was synthesized and characterized. Spectroscopic data of 1 suggests a 2+ oxidation state for the Fe ion in the [Fe]-hydrogenase. Complex 1 serves as a precursor to other hydrogenase models.	2009-01-01	Inorganic Chemistry
10.1109/TED.2018.2882539	Transadmittance Efficiency under NQS Operation in Asymmetric Double Gate FDSOI MOSFET	The state-of-the-art RF and millimeterwave circuits design requires accurate prediction of the nonquasi-static (NQS) effects at high frequency for all levels of channel inversion. This paper provides a practical insight to help high-frequency performance assessment of ultrathin body and box fully depleted silicon-on-insulator MOSFETs through a powerful frequency normalization scheme. Frequency dependence of small signal characteristics derived from experimental S-parameters is analyzed and reveals that the transconductance efficiency (g(m)/I-D) concept, already adopted as a low-frequency analog figure-of-merit (FoM), can be generalized to high frequency, including under asymmetric operation. We report that the normalized frequency dependence of the generalized transadmittance efficiency (y(m)/I-D) FoM only depends on the mobility and inversion coefficient. In addition, this approach is also used to extract essential parameters such as the critical NQS frequency f(NQS).	2019-01-01	Ieee Transactions On Electron Devices
10.1088/0029-5515/38/7/307	The separatrix response of diverted TCV plasmas compared with the predictions of the CREATE-L model	The response of ohmic, single null diverted (SND), non-centred plasmas in TCV to poloidal field coil stimulation has been compared with the predictions of the linear CREATE-L MHD equilibrium response model. The closed loop responses of directly measured quantities, reconstructed parameters and the reconstructed plasma contour have all been examined. Provided that the plasma position and shape perturbation were small enough for the linearity assumption to hold, agreement between the model and experiment was good. For some stimulations the open loop vertical position instability growth rate changed significantly. This led to oscillations in the vertical position that were unpredicted and illustrated the limitations of a linear model. A different model was developed with the assumption that the flux at the plasma boundary is frozen and the predictions of this model were also compared with experimental results. It proved not to be as reliable as the CREATE-L model for some simulation parameters, showing that the experiments were able to discriminate between different plasma response models. The closed loop response was also found to be sensitive to changes in the modelled plasma shape. It was not possible to invalidate the CREATE-L model, despite the extensive range of responses excited by the experiments.	1998-01-01	Nuclear Fusion
10.1016/j.engstruct.2019.04.026	Numerical investigation of the role of masonry typology on shear strength	The force-displacement behavior of masonry elements depends on the properties of their constituents, mortar and unit, as well as on their typology, i.e., the shape and size of the units and the patterns they generate. Up until now, only few numerical studies investigated the influence of the masonry typology on the mechanical properties of the masonry. The lack of research is caused by both the difficulty of generating specific stone masonry typologies, which vary depending on geographical regions, construction periods, and building technology, and the difficulty of conducting detailed micro-modeling analyses. Building on our recent developments of a typology generator and a detailed micro-modeling method based on cohesive elements, we investigate the relation between masonry typology and maximum shear resistance. After calibration of the model for shear-compression tests, the study examines the validity of Mann and Muller's theory at the nonlinear stage, clarifies the role of the line of minimum trace in characterizing effective interlocking, and investigates the correlation of maximum shear resistance with various indexes. We show that the effect of the interlocking between units on the shear strength is overestimated by the Mann-Muller model. This study provides a fundamental contribution to our understanding of the influence of masonry typology on the masonry shear strength.	2019-08-01	Engineering Structures
10.1039/C2NR30639E	Ultra-low power hydrogen sensing based on a palladium-coated nanomechanical beam resonator	Hydrogen sensing is essential to ensure safety in near-future zero-emission fuel cell powered vehicles. Here, we present a novel hydrogen sensor based on the resonant frequency change of a nanoelectromechanical clamped-clamped beam. The beam is coated with a Pd layer, which expands in the presence of H2, therefore generating a stress build-up that causes the frequency of the device to drop. The devices are able to detect H2 concentrations below 0.5% within 1 s of the onset of the exposure using only a few hundreds of pW of power, matching the industry requirements for H2 safety sensors. In addition, we investigate the strongly detrimental effect that relative humidity (RH) has on the Pd responsivity to H2, showing that the response is almost nullified at about 70% RH. As a remedy for this intrinsic limitation, we applied a mild heating current through the beam, generating a few micro-W of power, whereby the responsivity of the sensors is fully restored and the chemo-mechanical process is accelerated, significantly decreasing response times. The sensors are fabricated using standard processes, facilitating their eventual mass-production.	2012-01-01	Nanoscale
10.1364/BOE.423284	High resolution optical projection tomography platform for multispectral imaging of the mouse gut	Optical projection tomography (OPT) is a powerful tool for three-dimensional imaging of mesoscopic biological samples with great use for biomedical phenotyping studies. We present a fluorescent OPT platform that enables direct visualization of biological specimens and processes at a centimeter scale with high spatial resolution, as well as fast data throughput and reconstruction. We demonstrate nearly isotropic sub-28 mu m resolution over more than 60 mm 3 after reconstruction of a single acquisition. Our setup is optimized for imaging the mouse gut at multiple wavelengths. Thanks to a new sample preparation protocol specifically developed for gut specimens, we can observe the spatial arrangement of the intestinal villi and the vasculature network of a 3-cm long healthy mouse gut. Besides the blood vessel network surrounding the gastrointestinal tract, we observe traces of vasculature at the villi ends close to the lumen. The combination of rapid acquisition and a large field of view with high spatial resolution in 3D mesoscopic imaging holds an invaluable potential for gastrointestinal pathology research. (C) 2021 Optical Society of America under the terms of the OSA Open Access Publishing Agreement	2021-06-01	Biomedical Optics Express
10.1002/pip.972	Mechanisms of wafer sawing and impact on wafer properties	Silicon wafer wire-sawing experiments were realized with different sets of sawing parameters, and the thickness, roughness, and cracks depth of the wafers were measured. The results are discussed in relation to assumptions underlying the rolling-indenting model, which describes the process. It was also found that the silicon surface at the bottom of the sawing groove is different from the wafer surface, implying different sawing conditions in the two positions. Furthermore, the measured parameters were found to vary along the wire direction, between the entrance of the wire in the ingot and its exit. Based on these observations, some improvements for the wire-sawing model are discussed. Copyright (C) 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	2010-01-01	Progress In Photovoltaics
10.1016/j.compscitech.2005.02.001	Deconsolidation in glass mat thermoplastics: influence of the initial fibre/matrix configuration	The influence of the initial configuration of glass mat and polypropylene on the deconsolidation during post-processing of the resulting composite is investigated. Deconsolidation experiments of a classic type of glass mat reinforced thermoplastic (GMT) produced by infiltration and a new type of commingled mat produced by consolidation are carried out, followed by void content measurements. A model predicting the kinetics of deconsolidation and final void content after reheating is applied to the two different systems. The numerical results completed by compressive tests carried out on both initial dry glass preforms show that the difference in fibre bundle arrangements leads to different deconsolidation kinetics and final state.	2005-01-01	Composites Science and Technology
10.1007/s10064-013-0490-7	EPB tunneling challenges in bouldery ground: a new experience on the Tabriz metro line 1, Iran	Underground construction of the Tabriz metro line 1 involved boring twin tunnels with two earth pressure balance machines in alluvial deposits. Although this type of machine is recommended for excavation in fine soils, its performance was evaluated in this project where part of the ground consists of alluvial deposits with particle size ranging from silt to boulder and even rock blocks. It was found that the tunnel boring machine (TBM) performance was highly reduced due to the variation in ground conditions. Many types of problem were observed during the excavation in coarse grained alluvial deposits including high cutter-head torque, excessive wear of tools, breaking of TBM parts and ground instabilities in the form of large settlement and ground collapse. A trial effort was implanted to stabilize the overburden ground by the injection of cement grout, but this proved to be unsuccessful. In both cases, the excavation operation was delayed. With the experience gained from the excavation of the first tunnel and use of foam with a high foam expansion ratio as a soil conditioner in closed mode, the performance of the TBM in the second tunnel improved.	2014-01-01	Bulletin Of Engineering Geology And The Environment
10.1021/acsanm.0c02703	Liquid Nitrogen-Mediated Thermal Shock for Instantaneous Detachment of Multi-walled Carbon Nanotube Films from Substrates and Their Application in Supercapacitors	Pristine multiwalled carbon nanotube (MWNT) films have a range of important applications. Currently, vacuum filtration is the main method used to prepare MWNT films, which limits their large-scale production. Solvent evaporation is an alternative method used to fabricate MWNT films without the need of special equipment that does not limit the surface area of the film. However, after the evaporation process, the MWNT films adhere to the surface of the vessel. Traditional mechanical separation of MWNT films from substrates frequently leads to damage. Here, we show that thermal shock mediated by liquid nitrogen readily detaches the MWNT films from the substrate (evaluated on films of up to ca. 19.5 cm in diameter), attributed to the generation of a uniform shear force at the film/substrate interface and the uplifting force caused by the boiling nitrogen gas. The resulting nMWNT films are flexible and have low resistance and high surface areas. The nMWNT films were used to prepare inexpensive supercapacitors with a relatively high capacitance of 4.2 F g(-1). The supercapacitors are stable with no decrease in capacitance observed even after prolonged operation in air.	2020-11-25	Acs Applied Nano Materials
10.1007/s10832-004-5101-3	Polar ceramics in rf-MEMS and microwave reconfigurable electronics: A brief review on recent issues	Properties and fabrication status of microdevices for microwaves based on polar ceramics are reviewed. We discuss bulk acoustic wave devices with AlN films, rf-MEMS capacitive switches with high permittivity materials, and tunable ferroelectrics. The relevant properties of ferroelectrics for microwave applications are summarized with emphasis on composites and thin films.	2004-01-01	Journal of Electroceramics
10.1109/TPEL.2020.2995047	Ultra High Voltage Switch for Bidirectional DC-DC Converter Driving Dielectric Elastomer Actuator	Specific applications, such as dielectric elastomer actuators (DEAs) or electroactive polymers, require to switch voltage levels exceeding the ratings of existing semiconductor devices. In low power application, reversible flyback are widely used to supply DEAs. Lowering the parallel parasitic capacitance of the high voltage switch is important to improve the energy transfer, while it becomes mandatory to increase the output voltage of flyback above 2.5 kV. In this paper, a Pulsed Transformer Gate Driver (PTGD) is used to drive series-connected MOSFET and therefore push the limits from 4.5 kV up to 16 kV. At these high voltage levels, the structure reveals a drastic voltage unbalance related to the transformer interwinding parasitic capacitance. The compensation method proposed to achieve voltage balance only adds few passive components and reduces significantly the additional parallel capacitance of the switch compared to common load side voltage balancing methods. Finally and as proof of concept, a half-bridge bidirectional converter was designed from this switch technology and drove an actual dielectric elastomer actuator at 16 kV.	2020-05-15	IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics
10.1149/2.002112esl	Mitigating Cr Contamination by Hot Air Filtering in Solid Oxide Fuel Cells	Cr contamination, generated by system components located upstream a solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) and responsible for Cr-poisoning induced air electrode performance degradation, must be suppressed by hindering the access of Cr pollutants to the cathode compartment. For this purpose, we developed an air filter, based on a (La,Sr)CoO3-coated ceramic foam, which was evaluated on its Cr-trapping potential within an SOFC system. An in-situ measurement based on a novel hot air sampling technique indicated a 7-fold decrease of the Cr contaminating level after the installation of a Cr getter filter, which should significantly extend SOFC lifetime.	2011-01-01	Electrochemical and Solid State Letters
10.1002/2015GL064075	Scale-dependent effects of solar radiation patterns on the snow-dominated hydrologic response	Solar radiation is a dominant driver of snowmelt dynamics and streamflow generation in alpine catchments. A better understanding of how solar radiation patterns affect the hydrologic response is needed to assess when calibrated temperature-index models are likely to be spatially transferable for ecohydrological applications. We induce different solar radiation patterns in a Swiss Alpine catchment through virtual rotations of the digital elevation model. Streamflow simulations are performed at different spatial scales through a spatially explicit hydrological model coupled to a physically based snow model. Results highlight that the effects of solar radiation patterns on the hydrologic response are scale dependent, i.e., significant at small scales with predominant aspects and weak at larger scales where aspects become uncorrelated and orientation differences average out. Such scale dependence proves relevant for the spatial transferability of a temperature-index model, whose calibrated degree-day factors are stable to different solar radiation patterns for catchment sizes larger than the aspect correlation scale.	2015-01-01	Geophysical Research Letters
10.1021/acs.jctc.5b00292	Atom Vacancies on a Carbon Nanotube: To What Extent Can We Simulate their Effects?	Atom vacancies are intrinsic defects of carbon nanotubes. Using a zigzag nanotube as reference, this paper focuses on the comparison of calculations performed within density functional theory and a number of classical force fields widely used for carbon systems. The results refer to single and double vacancies and, in particular, to the induced structural changes, the formation energies, and the energy barriers relative to elementary processes such as reconstruction, migration, and coalescence. Characterization of these processes is remarkably different in the different approaches. These findings are meant to contribute to the construction of DFT-based classical schemes for carbon nanostructures.	2015-01-01	Journal Of Chemical Theory And Computation
10.1002/alz.12581	Trans‐seeding of Alzheimer‐related tau protein by a yeast prion	Abnormal tau protein aggregates constitute a hallmark of Alzheimer's disease. The mechanisms underlying the initiation of tau aggregation in sporadic neurodegeneration remain unclear. Here we investigate whether a non-human prion can seed tau aggregation. Due to their structural similarity with tau aggregates, we chose Sup35NM yeast prion domain fibrils for explorative tau seedings. Upon in vitro incubation with tau monomers, Sup35NM fibrils promoted the formation of morphologically distinct tau fibril strains. In vivo, intrahippocampal inoculation of Sup35NM fibrils accentuated tau pathology in P301S tau transgenic mice. Thus, our results provide first in vivo evidence for heterotypic cross-species seeding of a neurodegenerative human prion-like protein by a yeast prion. This opens up the conceptual perspective that non-mammalian prions present in the human microbiome could be involved in the initiation of protein misfolding in neurodegenerative disorders, a mechanism for which we propose the term “trans-seeding.”	2022-02-09	Alzheimer's & Dementia
10.1109/TPEL.2020.2996418	Comprehensive Spectral Analysis of PWM Waveforms With Compensated DC link Oscillations	In the available literature, including reference books on the topic, the spectral analysis of voltage waveforms obtained through the use of pulse-width modulation relies on the assumption of an ideally flat voltage across the DC link of a considered switching structure. Nevertheless, certain converter families (e.g. modular multilevel converter, characterized by the presence of distributed and floating DC links), feature low frequency oscillations of DC voltage within their switching stages. On these terms, the flat DC link assumption cannot be considered valid from both theoretical and practical viewpoints. In case carrier-based modulation is employed, unless properly compensated through the modulation signal adjustments, the above mentioned voltage oscillations cause undesirable distortion of the converter currents. However, the very same adjustments of modulation signals introduce additional challenges in the spectral analysis of the voltage across the AC terminals of an observed switching stage. This paper provides the AC terminals voltage analysis of a single half-bridge experiencing DC link oscillations, which are compensated through the modulation signal generation process. Pulse-width modulation with the conventional triangular carrier is considered, while all the results are presented in a generalized form, making them easily extendable to cascaded structures. All of the presented results were experimentally validated.	2020-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics
10.1007/s11517-016-1596-4	Plug&Play brain-computer interfaces for effective active and assisted living control	Brain–Computer Interfaces (BCI) rely on the interpretation of brain activity to provide people with disabilities with an alternative/augmentative interaction path. In light of this, BCI could be considered as enabling technology in many fields, including Active and Assisted Living (AAL) systems control. Interaction barriers could be removed indeed, enabling user with severe motor impairments to gain control over a wide range of AAL features. In this paper, a cost-effective BCI solution, targeted (but not limited) to AAL system control is presented. A custom hardware module is briefly reviewed, while signal processing techniques are covered in more depth. Steady-state visual evoked potentials (SSVEP) are exploited in this work as operating BCI protocol. In contrast with most common SSVEP-BCI approaches, we propose the definition of a prediction confidence indicator, which is shown to improve overall classification accuracy. The confidence indicator is derived without any subject-specific approach and is stable across users: it can thus be defined once and then shared between different persons. This allows some kind of Plug&Play interaction. Furthermore, by modelling rest/idle periods with the confidence indicator, it is possible to detect active control periods and separate them from “background activity”: this is capital for real-time, self-paced operation. Finally, the indicator also allows to dynamically choose the most appropriate observation window length, improving system’s responsiveness and user’s comfort. Good results are achieved under such operating conditions, achieving, for instance, a false positive rate of 0.16 min−1, which outperform current literature findings.	2017-01-01	Medical and Biological Engineering and Computing
10.1038/s41598-022-22573-7	All-optical switching in epsilon-near-zero asymmetric directional coupler	We propose an all-optical switch based on an asymmetric directional coupler structure with epsilon-near-zero (ENZ) layer. The nonlinear optical properties the of ENZ layer are analyzed by hot-electron dynamics process, and the all-optical operating performance of the switch on the silicon nitride platform is investigated. It is found that the pump-induced refractive index change in ENZ layer gives rise to a transfer of signal light in the optical system. We demonstrate that the proposed switch design features an insertion loss of < 2.7 dB, low crosstalk of < - 18.93 dB, and sub-pico-second response time at the communication wavelength of 1.55 mu m. With ultrafast response, high performance, and simple structure, the device provides new possibilities for all-optical communication and signal processing.	2022-10-26	Scientific Reports
10.1093/ajcn/nqaa072	Nicotinamide riboside supplementation alters body composition and skeletal muscle acetylcarnitine concentrations in healthy obese humans	Background: Nicotinamide riboside (NR) is an NAD(+) precursor that boosts cellular NAD(+) concentrations. Preclinical studies have shown profound metabolic health effects after NR supplementation.	2020-08-01	American Journal Of Clinical Nutrition
10.1364/OE.18.020136	Photonic crystal fiber mapping using Brillouin echoes distributed sensing	In this paper we investigate the effect of microstructure irregularities and applied strain on backward Brillouin scattering by comparing two photonic crystal fibers drawn with different parameters in order to minimize diameter and microstructure fluctuations. We fully characterize their Brillouin properties including the gain spectrum and the critical power. Using Brillouin echoes distributed sensing with a high spatial resolution of 30 cm we are able to map the Brillouin frequency shift along the fiber and get an accurate estimation of the microstructure longitudinal fluctuations. Our results reveal a clear-cut difference of longitudinal homogeneity between the two fibers.	2010-01-01	Optics Express
10.1002/(SICI)1097-0290(19980705)59:1<2::AID-BIT2>3.0.CO;2-G	Murine macrophage behavior on peptide-grafted polyethyleneglycol-containing networks	Polyethyleneglycol-based networks were employed as substrates to graft bioactive peptides to study macrophage interactions with materials. Our overall objective was to utilize biologically active factors to stimulate certain macrophage function on materials suitable for implantation in connective tissues. In this study, we sought to explore the bioactivity of several peptides derived from extracellular matrix adhesion proteins and macrophage-active proteins that are normally soluble. The candidate peptides examined corresponded to residues 63 to 77 of complement component C3a (C3a(63-77)), residues 178 to 207 of interleukin-1 beta (IL1beta(178-207)), residues 1615 to 1624 of fibronectin (FN(1615-1624)), endothelial-macrophage activating polypeptide II, complement component C5a inhibitory sequence, macrophage inhibitory peptide, and YRGDG; materials lacking peptides were used as negative controls. An established murine cell-line IC-21 was employed as a macrophage model, and human dermal fibroblasts were used for comparison. Our results showed that the substrates without grafted peptides were free from artifactual cell adhesion associated with the adsorption of serum or cellularly secreted proteins for long duration of culture. Of all grafted samples, IL1beta(178-207)- and C3a(63-77)-grafted surfaces supported higher adherent macrophage densities. C3a(63-77)- and FN(1615-1624)-grafted surfaces supported higher adherent fibroblast densities. From competitive inhibition studies, cell adhesion was determined to occur in a receptor-peptide specific manner. The presence of grafted YRGDG in addition to IL1beta(178-207), C3a(63-77), or FN(1615-1624) synergistically increased macrophage and fibroblast adhesion. Materials grafted with IL1beta(178-207) or C3a(63-77) co-grafted with or without YRGDG did not support the formation of multinucleated giant cells from the fusion of adherent macrophages in vitro. Copyright 1998 John Wiley & Sons, Inc., [on SciFinder (R)]	1998-01-01	Biotechnology and bioengineering
10.1039/c4cy00586d	Synthesis factors affecting the catalytic performance and stability of Ru/C catalysts for supercritical water gasification	Catalytic supercritical water gasification of isopropanol (450 degrees C, 30 MPa) over Ru/C catalysts was carried out in a fixed-bed plug flow reactor. In the absence of Ru, isopropanol decomposed to solid carbon (coke), and H-2 over the carbon support. The Ru/C catalyst was able to gasify efficiently 10 wt% isopropanol over a period of 96 h at WHSVgRu = 1228 g(Org) g(Ru)(-1) h(-1) with the gas composition close to the calculated thermodynamic chemical equilibrium. The catalyst lifetime was affected by the decomposition of isopropanol to solid carbon (coke) over the carbon surface that progressively filled up the pores of the activated carbon and this resulted in a covering of the Ru nanoparticles (NPs). The Ru dispersion (D) was found to be a relevant parameter. The 0.5% Ru/C (D = 0.26) was more active than the 2% Ru/C (D = 0.14). The influence of the solvent (acetone vs. water) used during the catalyst impregnation was studied and the turnover frequency (TOF) was twice as high for the Ru/C catalyst prepared with acetone. The higher Ru dispersion and the lower content of residual chloride obtained for the catalyst prepared with acetone were both responsible.	2014-01-01	Catalysis Science & Technology
10.1016/j.jcsr.2018.06.011	Behaviour of stiffened extended shear tab connections under gravity induced shear force	Stiffened extended shear tab connections (either in full-depth or partial-depth configurations) are widely used to connect simply supported beams to the web of supporting girders or columns. Full-scale laboratory tests of stiffened extended shear tab connections underscored the differences between their observed and expected design strength calculated according to current design specifications. In particular, the design procedure of such connections neglects the influence of the out-of-plane deformation of the supporting girderweb on yielding and inelastic buckling of the shear plate. These are the main governing failure modes for the full-depth configurations of stiffened extended shear tabs, when placed on one side of a supporting girder or column. The research described in this paper aims to develop a better understanding of the load transfer mechanism and failure modes of extended beam-to-girder shear tab connections. The findings are based on finite element (FE) simulations validated with full-scale experiments on beam-to-girder shear tab connections. The influence of girder web flexibility on the behaviour of single-and double-sided shear tabs is assessed. The stiffened portion of the full-depth extended shear tabs yielded due to the interaction of horizontal shear and vertical axial force. Due to the flexibility of the girder web of the single-sided shear tab, its stiffened portion experienced much larger vertical axial force in comparison to that of the double-sided configuration.	2018-06-05	Journal of Constructional Steel Research
10.1002/(SICI)1097-0290(19991020)65:2<201::AID-BIT10>3.0.CO;2-H	GFP-expressing mammalian cells for fast, sensitive, noninvasive cell growth assessment in a kinetic mode	This study correlates the fluorescent signal from stable recombinant CHO cell lines expressing the green fluorescent protein (GFP) at high levels with biomass or cell number, extending the use of fluorescent proteins to applications and assays where cell growth rates are important. Using a standard fluorometer, growth of these cells can be quantified noninvasively in multiwell plates, and because signals are obtained without preparation, the same culture samples can be measured repeatedly. Even with a small relative change in biomass, the specific growth rate can be determined in a few hours. The dynamics of cell populations can now be studied with high sensitivity, low error rate, and minimum sample preparation.	1999-01-01	Biotechnology and bioengineering
10.1007/s11031-018-9742-y	When and why performance goals predict exploitation behaviors: An achievement goal complex analysis of the selection function of assessment	We adopted an achievement goal complex framework (studying achievement goals and reasons connected to goals) to determine when and why performance goals predict exploitation of others' knowledge. We hypothesized that: (i) when selective assessment is used (exams aiming to select a limited number of individuals), the link between performance goals and exploitation orientation is stronger; (ii) the reason why is that selective assessment fosters performance goals regulated by controlled reasons. Study 1 (N=166) supported these hypotheses in a real world environment, comparing students enrolled in programs using non-selective versus selective assessment (but having a majority of common courses). Then, an experimental causal-chain-like design was used. In Study 2 (N=187), presenting an intelligence test as selective (vs. [self-]evaluative) predicted controlled reasons connected to performance goals. In Study 3 (N=192), inducing performance goals using controlling (vs. autonomy-supportive) language predicted exploitation orientation, indirectly impairing information-sharing behaviors. The results contribute to the understanding of both the structural antecedents and interpersonal consequences of achievement goal complexes.	2019-04-01	Motivation And Emotion
10.1073/pnas.2315758121	Changes in spatial self-consciousness elicit grid cell–like representation in the entorhinal cortex	Grid cells in the entorhinal cortex (EC) encode an individual’s location in space, integrating both environmental and multisensory bodily cues. Notably, body-derived signals are also primary signals for the sense of self. While studies have demonstrated that continuous application of visuo-tactile bodily stimuli can induce perceptual shifts in self-location, it remains unexplored whether these illusory changes suffice to trigger grid cell–like representation (GCLR) within the EC, and how this compares to GCLR during conventional virtual navigation. To address this, we systematically induced illusory drifts in self-location toward controlled directions using visuo-tactile bodily stimulation, while maintaining the subjects’ visual viewpoint fixed (absent conventional virtual navigation). Subsequently, we evaluated the corresponding GCLR in the EC through functional MRI analysis. Our results reveal that illusory changes in perceived self-location (independent of changes in environmental navigation cues) can indeed evoke entorhinal GCLR, correlating in strength with the magnitude of perceived self-location, and characterized by similar grid orientation as during conventional virtual navigation in the same virtual room. These data demonstrate that the same grid-like representation is recruited when navigating based on environmental, mainly visual cues, or when experiencing illusory forward drifts in self-location, driven by perceptual multisensory bodily cues.	2024-01-01	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences
10.1016/j.na.2011.12.007	Asymptotic linearity and Hadamard differentiability	For a mapping between Banach spaces, two weaker variants of the usual notion of asymptotic linearity are defined and explored. It is shown that, under inversion through the unit sphere, they correspond to Hadamard and weak Hadamard differentiability at the origin of the inversion. Nemytskii operators from Sobolev spaces to Lebesgue spaces over RN share these weaker properties but they are not asymptotically linear in the usual sense. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2012-01-01	Nonlinear Analysis-Theory Methods & Applications
10.1073/pnas.1609023113	Scale-free channeling patterns near the onset of erosion of sheared granular beds	Erosion shapes our landscape and occurs when a sufficient shear stress is exerted by a fluid on a sedimented layer. What controls erosion at a microscopic level remains debated, especially near the threshold forcing where it stops. Here we study, experimentally, the collective dynamics of the moving particles, using a setup where the system spontaneously evolves toward the erosion onset. We find that the spatial organization of the erosion flux is heterogeneous in space and occurs along channels of local flux sigma whose distribution displays scaling near threshold and follows P(sigma)approximate to J/sigma, where J is the mean erosion flux. Channels are strongly correlated in the direction of forcing but not in the transverse direction. We show that these results quantitatively agree with a model where the dynamics is governed by the competition of disorder (which channels mobile particles) and particle interactions (which reduces channeling). These observations support that, for laminar flows, erosion is a dynamical phase transition that shares similarity with the plastic depinning transition occurring in dirty superconductors. The methodology we introduce here could be applied to probe these systems as well.	2016-01-01	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences
10.1002/hbm.25273	White matter hyperintensities at critical crossroads for executive function and verbal abilities in small vessel disease	The presence of white matter lesions in patients with cerebral small vessel disease (SVD) is among the main causes of cognitive decline. We investigated the relation between white matter hyperintensity (WMH) locations and executive and language abilities in 442 SVD patients without dementia with varying burden of WMH. We used Stroop Word Reading, Stroop Color Naming, Stroop Color-Word Naming, and Category Fluency as language measures with varying degrees of executive demands. The Symbol Digit Modalities Test (SDMT) was used as a control task, as it measures processing speed without requiring language use or verbal output. A voxel-based lesion-symptom mapping (VLSM) approach was used, corrected for age, sex, education, and lesion volume. VLSM analyses revealed statistically significant clusters for tests requiring language use, but not for SDMT. Worse scores on all tests were associated with WMH in forceps minor, thalamic radiations and caudate nuclei. In conclusion, an association was found between WMH in a core frontostriatal network and executive-verbal abilities in SVD, independent of lesion volume and processing speed. This circuitry underlying executive-language functioning might be of potential clinical importance for elderly with SVD. More detailed language testing is required in future research to elucidate the nature of language production difficulties in SVD.	2021-01-01	Human Brain Mapping
10.1016/S0925-2312(00)00156-9	Effect of noise on neuron transient response	A good approximation to the integrate-and-fire model with diffusive noise can be obtained using a noisy threshold model. This allows the response of a population of noisy neurons to a current transient to be described using a linear filter. Here we apply these analytical results to the peristimulus time histogram (PSTH) of a single neuron. The effect of the noise on the PSTH in our model is similar to that seen in experimental findings of Poliakov et al. (J. Physiol., Part 1,495 (1996) 143–157) on hypoglossal and cat lumbar motoneurons and could help in interpreting their results.	2000-01-01	Neurocomputing
10.1063/1.2357007	Permalloy thin films exchange coupled to arrays of cobalt islands	Periodic arrays of elongated cobalt islands exchange coupled to continuous Permalloy thin films were fabricated using silicon nitride stencil masks and the magnetic spin configurations during magnetization reversal were studied with photoemission electron microscopy. The presence of cobalt islands results in a spatial modulation of the magnetic properties of the Permalloy films and domain walls positioned at the island boundaries. While magneto-optical Kerr effect measurements indicate differences depending on film thickness, the direct observations reveal two reversal mechanisms: formation of domains running between the islands and coherent rotation followed by propagation of a large domain.	2006-01-01	Applied Physics Letters
10.1380/ejssnt.2005.203	Impedance spectroscopy of ion channels in tethered lipid bilayers	A review. The efficient anal. of the function of ion channels is an important task in many different fields ranging from (bio)analytics and drug-screening to nanoelectronics. Here, the modulation of the channel activity of a synthetic ligand gated ion channel by a specific antibody is measured in tethered lipid bilayers by impedance spectroscopy. Tethered single lipid bilayers with exceptionally high elec. resistances suitable for the detection of a few channels are presented. [on SciFinder (R)]	2005-01-01	e-Journal of Surface Science and Nanotechnology
10.1109/TIT.2009.2021322	A Simple Converse of Burnashev's Reliability Function	In a remarkable paper published in 1976, Burna- shev determined the reliability function of variable-length block codes over discrete memoryless channels (DMCs) with feedback. Subsequently, an alternative achievability proof was obtained by Yamamoto and Itoh via a particularly simple and instructive scheme. Their idea is to alternate between a communication and a conﬁrmation phase until the receiver detects the codeword used by the sender to acknowledge that the message is correct. We provide a converse that parallels the Yamamoto–Itoh achievability construction. Besides being simpler than the original, the pro-posed converse suggests that a communication and a conﬁrmation phase are implicit in any scheme for which the probability of error decreases with the largest possible exponent. The proposed converse also makes it intuitively clear why the terms that appear in Burnashev’s exponent are necessary. Index Terms—Burnashev’s error exponent, discrete memoryless channels (DMCs), feedback, reliability function, variable-length communication.	2009-01-01	IEEE Tansactions on Information Theory
10.1038/s41467-020-17072-0	Proton-transfer-induced 3D/2D hybrid perovskites suppress ion migration and reduce luminance overshoot	Perovskite light-emitting diodes (PeLEDs) based on three-dimensional (3D) polycrystalline perovskites suffer from ion migration, which causes overshoot of luminance over time during operation and reduces its operational lifetime. Here, we demonstrate 3D/2D hybrid PeLEDs with extremely reduced luminance overshoot and 21 times longer operational lifetime than 3D PeLEDs. The luminance overshoot ratio of 3D/2D hybrid PeLED is only 7.4% which is greatly lower than that of 3D PeLED (150.4%). The 3D/2D hybrid perovskite is obtained by adding a small amount of neutral benzylamine to methylammonium lead bromide, which induces a proton transfer from methylammonium to benzylamine and enables crystallization of 2D perovskite without destroying the 3D phase. Benzylammonium in the perovskite lattice suppresses formation of deep-trap states and ion migration, thereby enhances both operating stability and luminous efficiency based on its retardation effect in reorientation.	2020-07-06	Nature Communications
10.1021/ja00225a006	Broad-band two-dimensional Fourier transform ion cyclotron resonance	Two-dimensional (2D) Fourier transform ion cyclotron resonance (2D FT-ICR) allows one to obtain direct evidence for the occurrence of ion-mol. reactions. In 2D FT-ICR spectra, one observes resonances with 2 distinct frequency coordinates w1 and w2 that correspond to the mass-to-charge ratios of the ions that participate as reactants and products, resp. It is possible to monitor a manifold of distinct reactions in one single 2D spectrum. Spectral ranges of the order of several MHz can be covered by using frequency-swept (\"chirped\") radio-frequency pulses. [on SciFinder (R)]	1988-01-01	Journal of the American Chemical Society
10.1002/hlca.19750580844	Darstellung und Abwandlung von Chlorfluorcyclopropanen : Ein gezielter Zugang zu Fluorallylalkoholen	Cycloaddn. of ClFC.bul. to olefins RR1C:CHR2 (R = alkyl or substituted alkyl, e.g., Et, ClCH2, AcOCH2CH2CH2; R1 = H, Me, Et; R2 = H, Me) gave 1-chloro-1-fluorocyclopropanes; these were acetolyzed to RR1C:CFCHR2OAc, which were hydrolyzed to RR1C:CFCHR2OH. The convenience and efficiency of the cycloaddn. reaction, which takes place in a 2-phase system even in the presence of base-sensitive substituents, makes the process attractive for prepg. 2-fluoroallylic alcs. [on SciFinder (R)]	1975-01-01	Helvetica Chimica Acta
10.1214/ECP.v19-3490	Disjoint crossings, positive speed and deviation estimates for first passage percolation	Consider bond percolation on the square lattice Z(2) where each edge is independently open with probability p : For some positive constants p(0) is an element of( 0; 1); epsilon(1) and epsilon(2); the following holds: if p > p(0); then with probability at least 1 - epsilon(1) /n(4) there are at least epsilon(2)n/logn disjoint open left-right crossings in B-n : = [0; n](2) each having length at most 2n; for all n >= 2 : Using the proof of the above, we obtain positive speed for first passage percolation with independent and identically distributed edge passage times {t(e(i))}(i) satisfying E (logt (e(1)))(+) < infinity; namely, lim sup(n) T-pl (0, n)/n <= Q a.s. for some constant Q < infinity; where T-pl (0; n) denotes the minimum passage time from the point (0; 0) to the line x = n taken over all paths contained in B-n : Finally, we also obtain corresponding deviation estimates for nonidentical passage times satisfying inf(i) P (t (ei) = 0) > 2/3.	2014-01-01	Electronic Communications In Probability
10.1016/j.epsr.2015.03.023	A composable method for real-time control of active distribution networks with explicit power set points. Part I: Framework	The conventional approach for the control of distribution networks, in the presence of active generationand/or controllable loads and storage, involves a combination of both frequency and voltage regulation atdifferent time scales. With the increased penetration of stochastic resources, distributed generation anddemand response, this approach shows severe limitations in both the optimal and feasible operation ofthese networks, as well as in the aggregation of the network resources for upper-layer power systems. Analternative approach is to directly control the targeted grid by defining explicit and real-time setpointsfor active/reactive power absorptions/injections defined by a solution of a specific optimization problem;but this quickly becomes intractable when systems get large or diverse. In this paper, we address thisproblem and propose a method for the explicit control of the grid status, based on a common abstractmodel characterized by the main property of being composable. That is to say, subsystems can be aggre-gated into virtual devices that hide their internal complexity. Thus the proposed method can easily copewith systems of any size or complexity. The framework is presented in this Part I, whilst in Part II weillustrate its application to a CIGRÉ low voltage benchmark microgrid. In particular, we provide imple-mentation examples with respect to typical devices connected to distribution networks and evaluate ofthe performance and benefits of the proposed control framework.	2015-01-01	Electric Power Systems Research
10.1371/journal.pgen.1002053	Does Positive Selection Drive Transcription Factor Binding Site Turnover? A Test with Drosophila Cis-Regulatory Modules	Transcription factor binding site(s) (TFBS) gain and loss (i.e., turnover) is a well-documented feature of cis-regulatory module (CRM) evolution, yet little attention has been paid to the evolutionary force(s) driving this turnover process. The predominant view, motivated by its widespread occurrence, emphasizes the importance of compensatory mutation and genetic drift. Positive selection, in contrast, although it has been invoked in specific instances of adaptive gene expression evolution, has not been considered as a general alternative to neutral compensatory evolution. In this study we evaluate the two hypotheses by analyzing patterns of single nucleotide polymorphism in the TFBS of well-characterized CRM in two closely related Drosophila species, Drosophila melanogaster and Drosophila simulans. An important feature of the analysis is classification of TFBS mutations according to the direction of their predicted effect on binding affinity, which allows gains and losses to be evaluated independently along the two phylogenetic lineages. The observed patterns of polymorphism and divergence are not compatible with neutral evolution for either class of mutations. Instead, multiple lines of evidence are consistent with contributions of positive selection to TFBS gain and loss as well as purifying selection in its maintenance. In discussion, we propose a model to reconcile the finding of selection driving TFBS turnover with constrained CRM function over long evolutionary time.	2011-01-01	PLoS Genetics
10.1007/s11116-023-10388-y	Data Domotopia: introduction to the quantitative survey	This paper describes the Data Domotopia a 2300 + respondent self-administered webbased survey. It includes 100 + multi-purpose items about home-making and stillness in a moving world. We suppose that home-making can reveal coping strategies and resilience practices to make everyday life work - as home is a central location in people's activitytravel patterns. To describe this phenomenon, the concept of Domotopia is introduced, defining how people arrange, use, and experience their homes to cope with the pathologies of accelerated and liquid modernity (Bauman 2005). While the Data Domotopia is based on a mixed-method combining qualitative and quantitative material, this paper focuses mainly on the description of the questionnaire - which is organized into three interrelated layers: the dwelling, the dwellers, and the neighborhood. Each of these layers unfolds in functional, social, emotional and sensory components. The survey covers most of the contemporary issues related to home-making. This includes the domestic space and gender issues; the socio-spatial resources (mobility, action space, core, and wider social network); lifestyles, ideals, and residential aspiration; time pressures, time use, organization and stress; equipment, rules and arrangements; interpersonal relations, cohabitation and negotiation, dominance and power. Intakes on the Data Domotopia is given by two concrete cases about the time-space coverage of the habitual action space, and about inter-personal task allocation. These examples show the potential of the data to study domocentric stillness and resilience to urban pathologies. The data - aggregated to the infra-communal level - is available for research purposes.	2023-04-26	Transportation
10.1107/S0907444903017694	Generation, representation and flow of phase information in structure determination: recent developments in and around SHARP 2.0	The methods for treating experimental data in the isomorphous replacement and anomalous scattering methods of macromolecular phase determination have undergone considerable evolution since their inception 50 years ago. The successive formulations used are reviewed, from the most simplistic viewpoint to the most advanced, including the exploration of some blind alleys. A new treatment is proposed and demonstrated for the improved encoding and subsequent exploitation of phase information in the complex plane. It is concluded that there is still considerable scope for further improvements in the statistical analysis of phase information, which touch upon numerous fundamental issues related to data processing and experimental design.	2003-01-01	Acta Crystallographica Section D-Biological Crystallography
10.1299/jamdsm.2022jamdsm0065	A production evaluation method for energy consumption rate considering rush orders	In a real production line, rush orders arise frequently, and they must be produced more quickly than standard production runs. Rush orders may require setup changes to process the order and to resume normal production once the order is completed. Increased setup times are qualitatively understood to decrease production efficiency and to increase the energy required to produce each manufactured unit., Previous studies have not investigated the effects of rush orders on plant productivity and energy consumption. A better understanding of these effects is needed to develop production evaluation methods that can achieve continued reduction in production energy use. In this paper, we proposed a production evaluation method that theoretically formulated the relation between lot size and energy consumption rate while considering rush orders in a production line. A formulation was developed to define this relationship. The formulation was verified using simulation results. We carried out the case studies for the validity of the proposed formulation.	2022-01-01	Journal Of Advanced Mechanical Design Systems And Manufacturing
10.1002/eco.1414	Preface Ecohydraulics: linkages between hydraulics, morphodynamics and ecological processes in rivers	The articles in this issue are a selection of the 15 main presentations made at the EUROMECH Colloquium 523 'Ecohydraulics: linkages between hydraulics, morphodynamics and ecological processes in rivers' that was organized in Clermont-Ferrand, France, from 15 to 17 June 2011. The Colloquium was attended by 51 participants from 15 countries. Copyright (C) 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	2013-01-01	Ecohydrology
10.1016/j.epsr.2010.11.029	A probabilistic spinning reserve market model considering DisCos different value of lost loads	In practice, some customers like industrial ones have higher value of involuntary lost load (VOLL) than other customers and thus, are willing to pay more for higher reliability levels than those with less VOLL, and consequently, they are more concerned with their individual load point reliability. Considering this fact, this paper proposes a new model, which makes distribution companies (DisCo)s able to select their reliability preferences by declaring their VOLLs. Based on the proposed model, firstly, a probabilistic security constraint unit commitment problem (SCUC) is used to clear energy and spinning reserve markets simultaneously in order to determine system spinning reserve requirement in this paper. Also, the expected load interruption costs of DisCos are incorporated in the SCUC objective function. Secondly, a new cost allocation method is proposed to evaluate each DisCo's reserve cost, and finally, in the case that an outage happens in the system, a relevant approach is proposed to assess each DisCo's share of that outage such that each DisCo's reliability preference is fulfilled. IEEE reliability test system (IEEE-RTS) is used to demonstrate the effectiveness of the presented model. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2011-01-01	Electric Power Systems Research
10.1016/j.nima.2022.167213	Charge sensing properties ofmonolithic CMOS pixel sensors fabricated in a 65 nm technology	In this work the initial performance studies of the first small monolithic pixel sensors dedicated to charged particle detection, called CE-65, fabricated in the 65nm TowerJazz Panasonic Semiconductor Company are presented. The tested prototypes comprise matrices of 64 x 32 square analogue-output pixels with a pitch of 15 mu m. Different pixel types explore several sensing node geometries and amplification schemes, which allows for various biasing voltage of the detection layer and hence depletion conditions and electric field shaping. Laboratory tests conducted with a Fe-55 source demonstrated that the CE-65 sensors reach equivalent noise charge in the 15 to 25 e(-) range and excellent charge collection efficiencies. Charge sharing is substantial for standard diodes, but can be largely suppressed by modifying their design. Depletion of the thin sensitive layer saturates at a reverse diode bias of about 5 V.	2022-10-01	Nuclear Instruments & Methods In Physics Research Section A-Accelerators Spectrometers Detectors And Associated Equipment
10.1088/0953-8984/18/49/003	The Nd–Mn exchange interaction in Nd	The Nd-Mn exchange interaction in Nd0.7Sr0.3MnO3 is considered by studying its influence on the Mn-55 spin-echo NMR lineshape and spin- spin relaxation time. It is seen that the interaction is of considerable strength well above the Nd spin ordering temperature (approximate to 20 K), with a significant influence on the Mn (electron) spin dynamics.	2006-01-01	Journal of Physics: Condensed Matter
10.1007/s13239-013-0151-9	Numerical comparison and calibration of geometrical multiscale models for the simulation of arterial flows	Arterial tree hemodynamics can be simulated by means of several models of different level of complexity, depending on the outputs of interest and the desired degree of accuracy. In this work, several numerical comparisons of geometrical multiscale models are presented with the aim of evaluating the benefits of such complex dimensionally-heterogeneous models compared to other simplified simulations. More precisely, we present flow rate and pressure wave form comparisons between three-dimensional patient-specific geometries implicitly coupled with one-dimensional arterial tree networks and (i) a full one-dimensional arterial tree model and (ii) stand-alone three-dimensional fluid-structure interaction models with boundary data taken from precomputed full one-dimensional network simulations. On a slightly different context, we also focus on the set up and calibration of cardiovascular simulations. In particular, we perform sensitivity analyses of the main quantities of interest (flow rate, pressure, and solid wall displacement) in respect to the parameters accounting for the elastic and viscoelastic responses of the tissues surrounding the external wall of the arteries. Finally, we also compare the results of geometrical multiscale models in which the boundary solid rings of the three-dimensional geometries are fixed, in respect to those where the boundary interfaces are scaled to enforce the continuity of the vessels size with the surrounding one-dimensional arteries.	2013-01-01	Cardiovascular Engineering and Technology
10.1021/nl500356u	Probing Rotational and Translational Diffusion of Nanodoublers in Living Cells on Microsecond Time Scales	Nonlinear microscopes have seen an increase in popularity in the life sciences due to their molecular and structural specificity, high resolution, large penetration depth, and volumetric imaging capability. Nonetheless, the inherently weak optical signals demand long exposure times for live cell imaging. Here, by modifying the optical layout and illumination parameters, we can follow the rotation and translation of noncentrosymetric crystalline particles, or nanodoublers, with 50 mu s acquisition times in living cells. The rotational diffusion can be derived from variations in the second harmonic intensity that originates from the rotation of the nanodoubler crystal axis. We envisage that by capitalizing on the biocompatibility, functionalizability, stability, and nondestructive optical response of the nanodoublers, novel insights on cellular dynamics are within reach.	2014-01-01	Nano Letters
10.1137/19M1288048	hm-toolbox: MATLAB SOFTWARE FOR HODLR AND HSS MATRICES	Matrices with hierarchical low-rank structure, including HODLR and HSS matrices, constitute a versatile tool to develop fast algorithms for addressing large-scale problems. While existing software packages for such matrices often focus on linear systems, their scope of applications is in fact much wider and includes, for example, matrix functions and eigenvalue problems. In this work, we present a new MATLAB toolbox called hm-toolbox, which encompasses this versatility with a broad set of tools for HODLR and HSS matrices, unmatched by existing software. While mostly based on algorithms that can be found in the literature, our toolbox also contains a few new algorithms as well as novel auxiliary functions. Being entirely based on MATLAB, our implementation does not strive for optimal performance. Nevertheless, it maintains the favorable complexity of hierarchical low-rank matrices and offers, at the same time, a convenient way of prototyping and experimenting with algorithms. A number of applications illustrate the use of the hm-toolbox.	2020-01-01	Siam Journal On Scientific Computing
10.1088/0268-1242/26/1/014030	A novel class of coherent light emitters: polariton lasers	The specificities of polariton lasers-a new generation of coherent light-emitting devices where the relaxation of the bosonic quasiparticles responsible for the light emission, the polaritons, is stimulated whereas the photon emission process issued from the radiative decay of those polaritons is purely spontaneous-are reviewed. It is shown that the practical realization of such devices able to operate at room temperature would most likely rely on wide bandgap semiconductors (inorganic or organic ones) exhibiting highly stable excitons/polaritons. Using III-nitrides, the most advanced of the candidates to date, an electrically driven multiple quantum well polariton laser would display a threshold current density down to similar to 100 A cm(-2), a value more than one order of magnitude lower than that of state of the art GaN-based edge-emitting laser diodes. For the sake of comparison, the main features of optically pumped polariton lasers available that differ from those of their conventional counterparts, namely vertical cavity surface-emitting lasers, are also discussed.	2011-01-01	Semiconductor Science And Technology
10.3813/AAA.919132	On the Optimisation of Multi-Degree-of-Freedom Acoustic Impedances of Low-Frequency Electroacoustic Absorbers for Room Modal Equalisation	Low-frequency electroacoustic absorbers have recently been developed as a solution for the modal equalisation. Firstly investigated in waveguides, the technique consists in matching the acoustic impedance at a closed-box loudspeaker diaphragm to the characteristic acoustic impedance of air. Extending the results in a duct to rooms brings up several challenges. Some parameters, such as the position and orientation of absorbers, the total area, as well as the acoustic impedance achieved at the diaphragms may influence the performance, especially in terms of modal decay time reduction. In this paper, the optimal values of a purely resistive acoustic impedance at an absorber diaphragm, whose area varies, are first investigated under normal incidence and grazing incidence in a finite-length waveguide. The optimal acoustic resistance values are then investigated for a given position, orientation, and total area of absorbers in rooms of different size. From these results, the target acoustic impedances with multiple degrees of freedom are defined with a view to assign to the absorber diaphragms. These impedances are then optimised from a global criterion, so that these impedances approach at best the different optimal resistance values found to minimise the modal decay times. Finally, an experimental evaluation of the performance of the electroacoustic absorber in a waveguide is provided.	2017-01-01	Acta Acustica united with Acustica
10.1038/ncomms4369	Delayed bactericidal response of Mycobacterium tuberculosis to bedaquiline involves remodelling of bacterial metabolism	Bedaquiline (BDQ), an ATP synthase inhibitor, is the first drug to be approved for treatment of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in decades. Though BDQ has shown excellent efficacy in clinical trials, its early bactericidal activity during the first week of chemotherapy is minimal. Here, using microfluidic devices and time-lapse microscopy of Mycobacterium tuberculosis, we confirm the absence of significant bacteriolytic activity during the first 3-4 days of exposure to BDQ. BDQ-induced inhibition of ATP synthesis leads to bacteriostasis within hours after drug addition. Transcriptional and proteomic analyses reveal that M. tuberculosis responds to BDQ by induction of the dormancy regulon and activation of ATP-generating pathways, thereby maintaining bacterial viability during initial drug exposure. BDQ-induced bacterial killing is significantly enhanced when the mycobacteria are grown on non-fermentable energy sources such as lipids (impeding ATP synthesis via glycolysis). Our results show that BDQ exposure triggers a metabolic remodelling in mycobacteria, thereby enabling transient bacterial survival.	2014-01-01	Nature Communications
10.1016/j.cej.2020.126950	Ultra-high color rendering warm-white light-emitting diodes based on an efficient green-emitting garnet phosphor for solid-state lighting	High light-quality and low color temperature are two crucial factors for a comfortable healthy illumination. Phosphor-converted white light-emitting diodes (LEDs) could be readily realized by combining near-UV (380-420 nm) LED chips with tri-color phosphors, and thus near-UV-excitable inorganic phosphors with efficient visible luminescence are highly demanded for fabricating high-performance near-UV-pumped white LEDs. Herein, we demonstrated a novel highly efficient green-emitting phosphor based on Ce3+/Tb3+ ions co-activated Ca2GdHf2Al3O12 (abbreviated as: CGHAO) garnet compound, which enabled the realization of ultra-high color rendering warm-white LEDs. Notably, the CGHAO:Ce3+,Tb3+ phosphors could be efficiently excited by near-UV light around 408 nm and exhibited intense green emissions around 543 nm with high internal quantum efficiency of 82.7% and external quantum efficiency of 60.6%. The energy transfer from Ce3+ to Tb3+ ions was studied in detail, and the composition of CGHAO:Ce3+,Tb3+ phosphors was optimized. Utilizing the optimal CGHAO:0.04Ce(3+),0.4Tb(3+) green phosphor as color converter, a prototype near-UV-pumped white LED device was fabricated, and upon 120 mA driving current it demonstrated bright warm-white light with excellent CIE chromaticity coordinates of (0.391, 0.360), low correlated color temperature of 3575 K, ultra-high color rendering index (Ra = 94.4, R12 = 89.0, and R9 = 80.6) and good luminous efficacy of 27.40 lm.W-1. This work offers a new strategy for designing efficient LED phosphors for high-color-quality solid-state lighting.	2021-02-01	Chemical Engineering Journal
10.1039/d1sc03957a	Nitride protonation and NH3 binding versus N-H bond cleavage in uranium nitrides	The conversion of metal nitrides to NH3 is an essential step in dinitrogen fixation, but there is limited knowledge of the reactivity of nitrides with protons (H+). Herein, we report comparative studies for the reactions of H+ and NH3 with uranium nitrides, containing different types of ancillary ligands. We show that the differences in ancillary ligands, leads to dramatically different reactivity. The nitride group, in nitride-bridged cationic and anionic diuranium(iv) complexes supported by -N(SiMe3)(2) ligands, is resistant toward protonation by weak acids, while stronger acids result in ligand loss by protonolysis. Moreover, the basic -N(SiMe3)(2) ligands promote the N-H heterolytic bond cleavage of NH3, yielding a "naked" diuranium complex containing three bridging ligands, a nitride (N3-) and two NH2 ligands. Conversely, in the nitride-bridged diuranium(iv) complex supported by -OSi((OBu)-Bu-t)(3) ligands, the nitride group is easily protonated to afford NH3, which binds the U(iv) ion strongly, resulting in a mononuclear U-NH3 complex, where NH3 can be displaced by addition of strong acids. Furthermore, the U-OSi((OBu)-Bu-t)(3) bonds were found to be stable, even in the presence of stronger acids, such as NH4BPh4, therefore indicating that -OSi((OBu)-Bu-t)(3) supporting ligands are well suited to be used when acidic conditions are required, such as in the H+/e(-) mediated catalytic conversion of N-2 to NH3.	2021-08-18	Chemical Science
10.1016/S0006-3495(01)76264-9	The standard deviation in fluorescence correlation spectroscopy	The std. deviation (SD) in fluorescence correlation spectroscopy (FCS) has been mostly neglected in applications. However, the knowledge of the correct SD is necessary for an accurate data evaluation, esp. when fitting theor. models to exptl. data. In this work, an algorithm is presented that considers the essential features of FCS. It allows prediction of the performance of FCS measurements in various cases, which is important for finding optimal exptl. conditions. The program calcs. the SD of the exptl. autocorrelation function online. This procedure leads to improved parameter estn., compared to currently used theor. approxns. for the SD. Three methods for the calcn. of the SD are presented and compared to earlier anal. solns., calcn. directly from fluorescence intensity values, by averaging several FCS measurements, or by dividing one measurement into a set of shorter data packages. Although the averaging over several measurements yields accurate ests. for the SD, the other two methods are considerably less time consuming, can be run online, and yield comparable results. [on SciFinder (R)]	2001-01-01	Biophysical Journal
10.1016/j.actamat.2018.10.033	In situ tension-tension strain path changes of cold-rolled Mg AZ31B	The mechanical behavior of cold-rolled Mg AZ31B is studied during in-plane multiaxial loading and tension-tension strain path changes performed on cruciform samples using in situ neutron diffraction and EBSD. The results are compared with uniaxial tension loading of dogbone-shaped samples measured with in situ neutron diffraction and acoustic emission. The activity of slip and twinning mechanisms and the active twin variants are discussed for the different strain paths. It is shown that initial strains of 4–5% cause a strengthened yield stress during reload for strain path change angles of 90 and 135°. The strengthening is primarily due to dislocation accumulation during the initial load impeding dislocation motion during the reload. The twinning observed during the prestrain activates complex multivariant secondary twinning which may also contribute to the strengthening in the reload.	2019-01-01	Acta Materialia
10.1002/anie.200454081	Green oxidation catalysts: computational design of high-efficiency models of galactose oxidase	Ab initio calcns. were used for the rational design of efficient alc. oxidn. catalysts that mimic the enzyme galactose oxidase. Different ligand substitutions were explored based on natural (copper, depicted) and alternative (rhodium) metal redox centers. The calcd. turnover rate for the most efficient copper-based biomimetic compd. is greater than that of the natural enzyme. [on SciFinder (R)]	2004-01-01	Angewandte Chemie, International Edition
10.1515/agms-2019-0005	Group Approximation in Cayley Topology and Coarse Geometry, Part II: Fibred Coarse Embeddings	The objective of this series is to study metric geometric properties of disjoint unions of Cayley graphs of amenable groups by group properties of the Cayley accumulation points in the space of marked groups. In this Part II, we prove that a disjoint union admits a fibred coarse embedding into a Hilbert space (as a disjoint union) if and only if the Cayley boundary of the sequence in the space of marked groups is uniformly a-T-menable. We furthermore extend this result to ones with other target spaces. By combining our main results with constructions of Osajda and Arzhantseva Osajda, we construct two systems of markings of a certain sequence of finite groups with two opposite extreme behaviors of the resulting two disjoint unions: With respect to one marking, the space has property A. On the other hand, with respect to the other, the space does not admit fibred coarse embeddings into Banach spaces with non-trivial type (for instance, uniformly convex Banach spaces) or Hadamard manifolds; the Cayley limit group is, furthermore, non-exact.	2019-03-01	Analysis and Geometry in Metric Spaces
10.1021/acsnano.8b06704	Assembly of Robust Holmium-Directed 2D Metal-Organic Coordination Complexes and Networks on the Ag(100) Surface	We describe the formation of lanthanide-organic coordination networks and complexes under ultra-high-vacuum conditions on a clean Ag(100) surface. The structures comprise single Ho atoms as coordination centers and 1,4-benzenedicarboxylate (from terephtalic acid, TPA) as molecular linkers. Using low temperature scanning tunneling microscopy, we find two different chiral phases of surface-supported metal-organic structures incorporating Ho atoms. Density functional theory calculations can explain the structure of both binding motifs and give possible reasons for their varying formation under the respective Ho/TPA ratios, as well as deposition and annealing temperatures. Metal-ligand interactions drive the formation of cloverleaf-shaped mononuclear Ho-TPA(4) complexes establishing supramolecular arrays stabilized through hydrogen bonding. A 2D lanthanide-organic reticulation is observed when changing the stoichiometry between the two building blocks. The combined insights from scanning tunneling microscopy and density functional theory reveal the relative stability, charge transfer, and bonding environment of both motifs.	2018-11-01	Acs Nano
10.1103/PhysRevD.87.022001	Search for relativistic magnetic monopoles with IceCube	We present the first results in the search for relativistic magnetic monopoles with the IceCube detector, a subsurface neutrino telescope located in the South Polar ice cap containing a volume of 1 km(3). This analysis searches data taken on the partially completed detector during 2007 when roughly 0.2 km(3) of ice was instrumented. The lack of candidate events leads to an upper limit on the flux of relativistic magnetic monopoles of Phi(90%C.L.) similar to 3 x 10(-18) cm(-2) sr(-1) s(-1) for beta >= 0.8. This is a factor of 4 improvement over the previous best experimental flux limits up to a Lorentz boost gamma below 10(7). This result is then interpreted for a wide range of mass and kinetic energy values. DOI: 10.1103/PhysRevD.87.022001	2013-01-01	Physical Review D
10.1103/PhysRevLett.106.245002	Sawtooth pacing by real-time auxiliary power control in a tokamak	In the standard scenario of tokamak plasma operation, sawtooth crashes are the main perturbations that can trigger performance-degrading, and potentially disruption-generating, neoclassical tearing modes. This Letter demonstrates sawtooth pacing by real-time control of the auxiliary power. It is shown that the sawtooth crash takes place in a reproducible manner shortly after the removal of that power, and this can be used to precisely prescribe, i.e., pace, the individual sawteeth. In combination with preemptive stabilization of the neoclassical tearing modes, sawtooth pacing provides a new sawtooth control paradigm for improved performance in burning plasmas.	2011-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1109/Tasc.2013.2244639	Preliminary Performance Test Results of First CICC From Korea Destined for an ITER TF Magnet	The Republic of Korea is participating in the ITER project to construct and operate the ITER tokamak for the purpose of demonstrating the feasibility of fusion power. ITER Korea, the implementing agency for the Republic of Korea that is procuring items for the ITER project on behalf of the Korean government, has established domestic and international contracts for the procurement of cable-in-conduit conductor (CICC) that will be used in the ITER toroidal field (TF) magnets. The CICC for the ITER TF magnets is made of superconducting Nb3Sn and copper strand cable inside a cylindrical stainless steel jacket, and is designed to operate at a nominal peak field of 11.8 T at 4.5 K with 68 kA of nominal operating current. Recently, the first CICC from Korea, which will be installed in an ITER TF magnet, has been manufactured and tested including testing performed on a 4 m sample near ITER operating conditions at the CRPP-EPFL SULTAN facility in Villigen, Switzerland under the coordination of the ITER International Organization. This paper provides a brief description of the CICC along with preliminary results of the tests and the conductor performance characteristics derived from the results.	2013-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Applied Superconductivity Asc
10.1152/jn.00612.2010	Interregional synaptic competition in neurons with multiple STDP-inducing signals	Neocortical layer 5 (L5) pyramidal cells have at least two spike initiation zones: Na+ spikes are generated near the soma, and Ca2+ spikes at the apical dendritic tuft. These spikes interact with each other and serve as signals for synaptic plasticity. The present computational study explores the implications of having two spike-timing-dependent plasticity (STDP) signals in a neuron, each with its respective regional population of synaptic ?pupils.? In a detailed model of an L5 pyramidal neuron, competition emerges between synapses belonging to different regions, on top of the competition among synapses within each region, which characterizes the STDP mechanism. Interregional competition results in strengthening of one group of synapses, which ultimately dominates cell firing, at the expense of weakening synapses in other regions. This novel type of competition is inherent to dendrites with multiple regional signals for Hebbian plasticity. Surprisingly, such interregional competition exists even in a simplified model of two identical coupled compartments. We find that in a model of an L5 pyramidal cell, the different synaptic subpopulations ?live in peace? when the induction of Ca2+ spikes requires the back-propagating action potential (BPAP). Thus we suggest a new key role for the BPAP, to maintain the balance between synaptic efficacies throughout the dendritic tree, thereby sustaining the functional integrity of the entire neuron.	2011-01-01	Journal of Neurophysiology
10.1142/S0219635212500069	A mechatronic platform for behavioral analysis on nonhuman primates	In this work we present a new mechatronic platform for measuring behavior of nonhuman primates, allowing high reprogrammability and providing several possibilities of interactions. The platform is the result of a multidisciplinary design process, which has involved bio-engineers, developmental neuroscientists, primatologists, and roboticians to identify its main requirements and specifications. Although such a platform has been designed for the behavioral analysis of capuchin monkeys (Cebus apella), it can be used for behavioral studies on other nonhuman primates and children. First, a state-of-the-art principal approach used in nonhuman primate behavioral studies is reported. Second, the main advantages of the mechatronic approach are presented. In this section, the platform is described in all its parts and the possibility to use it for studies on learning mechanism based on intrinsic motivation discussed. Third, a pilot study on capuchin monkeys is provided and preliminary data are presented and discussed.	2012-01-01	Journal Of Integrative Neuroscience
10.5169/seals-236536	Vers une analyse de qualité des données de laser aéroporté en temps réel	Un des problèmes majeurs des systèmes laser aéroportés (ALS) est l'estimation fiable de la qualité des données en vol ou immédiatement après. Cet article présente un outil qui permet d'estimer la qualité et l'intégrité des données saisies en temps réel (TR). Cet outil inclut l'intégration des données provenant du GPS et d'une centrale inertielle (IMU), ainsi que le géoréférencement des points laser en vol. L'affichage en TR des limites du scan permet d'observer le progrès de la saisie. Après chaque ligne de vol, une analyse de qualité du nuage de points est disponible. Notre article décrit la stratégie adoptée pour le traitement et la visualisation des données en vol. Nous présentons aussi les résultats des premiers tests réalisés dans le cadre de projets de cartographie aéroportée.	2008-01-01	Geomatik Schweiz
10.1016/S0022-3115(00)00370-6	Tensile properties and microstructure of 590 MeV proton-irradiated pure Fe and a Fe-Cr alloy	Polycrystalline pure Fe and Fe-12Cr alloy have been proton-irradiated to doses of 10(-3)-3 x 10(-1) dpa at room temperature and 523 K. Samples were mechanically tested in tension and transmission electron microscopy (TEM) was performed on the as-irradiated material as well as on the irradiated and deformed material. At room temperature, pure Fe presents an initial yield point, that increases with the dose, followed by a yield region, indicative of a localized deformation mode. The Fe-12Cr alloy shows the same behavior, but the irradiation amplifies the effects previously mentioned. No yield point or yield region appears after irradiation at 523 K. TEM observations of the irradiated material showed a high density of small defect clusters which increases with the dose. Defect-free channels are observed in Fe-12Cr irradiated and deformed at room temperature. Results of the present investigation are compared with neutron irradiation of similar materials. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	2000-01-01	Journal of Nuclear Materials
10.3389/fncel.2015.00220	Network-timing-dependent plasticity	Bursts of activity in networks of neurons are thought to convey salient information and drive synaptic plasticity. Here we report that network bursts also exert a profound effect on Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity (STDP). In acute slices of juvenile rat somatosensory cortex we paired a network burst, which alone induced long-term depression (LTD), with STDP-induced long-term potentiation (LTP) and LTD. We observed that STDP-induced LTP was either unaffected, blocked or flipped into LTD by the network burst, and that STDP-induced LTD was either saturated or flipped into LTP, depending on the relative timing of the network burst with respect to spike coincidences of the STDP event. We hypothesized that network bursts flip STDP-induced LTP to LTD by depleting resources needed for LTP and therefore developed a resource-dependent STDP learning rule. In a model neural network under the influence of the proposed resource-dependent STDP rule, we found that excitatory synaptic coupling was homeostatically regulated to produce power law distributed burst amplitudes reflecting self-organized criticality, a state that ensures optimal information coding.	2015-01-01	Frontiers in cellular neuroscience
10.1063/1.2892078	Stable freestanding thin films of pure water	Obtaining water microstructures is very difficult because of low viscosity and high surface tension. We produced stable freestanding thin films of pure water by x-ray bombardment of small liquid volumes in capillary tubes. A detailed characterization with phase-contrast radiology demonstrated a lifetime beyond 1 h with no chemical stabilizer for micron-thickness films with half-millimeter-level diameter. This can be attributed to the interplay of two x-ray effects: water evaporation and surface charging. (C) 2008 American Institute of Physics.	2008-01-01	Applied Physics Letters
10.1073/pnas.2219816120	Spatially explicit effective reproduction numbers from incidence and mobility data	Current methods for near real-time estimation of effective reproduction numbers from surveillance data overlook mobility fluxes of infectors and susceptible individuals within a spatially connected network (the metapopulation). Exchanges of infections among different communities may thus be misrepresented unless explicitly measured and accounted for in the renewal equations. Here, we first derive the equations that include spatially explicit effective reproduction numbers, ℛk(t), in an arbitrary community k. These equations embed a suitable connection matrix blending mobility among connected communities and mobility-related containment measures. Then, we propose a tool to estimate, in a Bayesian framework involving particle filtering, the values of ℛk(t) maximizing a suitable likelihood function reproducing observed patterns of infections in space and time. We validate our tools against synthetic data and apply them to real COVID-19 epidemiological records in a severely affected and carefully monitored Italian region. Differences arising between connected and disconnected reproduction numbers (the latter being calculated with existing methods, to which our formulation reduces by setting mobility to zero) suggest that current standards may be improved in their estimation of disease transmission over time.	2023-01-01	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences
10.1016/j.jcp.2009.12.020	Two-phase free-surface fluid dynamics on moving domains	We develop in this paper a model for the numerical simulation of free surface debris- and mudflows, described as a mixture of two viscous phases A Lagrangian approach with finite element approximation and regular remeshing is adopted in this paper. The proposed model solves the equations of motion in both phases, Coupled with conservation of volume of the Mixture, implicitly; volume fractions are computed explicitly at the end of each iteration A one-step trapezoidal scheme is used for time integration. The resulting model combines simplicity. robustness and versatility and provides a novel and unified algorithmic framework for a large spectrum of applications. It is also easily extensible to three spatial dimensions, more complex constitutive models and coupling with geomechanical models. Application to sedimentation and to impact on an obstacle shows the effectiveness of the approach. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved	2010-01-01	Journal Of Computational Physics
10.1016/j.epsr.2022.108013	A Prony-Based Approach for Accelerating the Lightning Electromagnetic Fields Computation: Effect of the Soil Finite Conductivity	This work provides an approach for speeding up the evaluation of lightning ElectroMagnetic (EM) fields in the case of a finite soil conductivity. The soil conductivity is taken into account through the well-known Cooray-Rubinstein (CR) approximation, which corrects the radial term of the electric field. A comparative analysis with some of the existing methods reveals an excellent accuracy with a substantial improvement in the CPU performance.	2022-01-01	Electric Power Systems Research
10.1109/TAFFC.2021.3059688	EEG-Based Online Regulation of Difficulty in Simulated Flying	Adaptively increasing the difficulty level in learning was shown to be beneficial than increasing the level after some fixed time intervals. To efficiently adapt the level, we aimed at decoding the subjective difficulty level based on Electroencephalography (EEG) signals. We designed a visuomotor learning task that one needed to pilot a simulated drone through a series of waypoints of different sizes, to investigate the effectiveness of the EEG decoder. The EEG decoder was compared with another condition that the subjects decided when to increase the difficulty level. We examined the decoding performance together with behavioral outcomes. The online accuracies were higher than the chance level for 16 out of 26 cases, and the behavioral results, such as task scores, skill curves, and learning patterns, of EEG condition were similar to the condition based on manual regulation of difficulty.	2023-01-01	Ieee Transactions On Affective Computing
10.1016/j.envpol.2011.02.044	Influence of the initial state of carbon nanotubes on their colloidal stability under natural conditions	The colloidal stability of dry and suspended carbon nanotubes (CNTs) in the presence of amphiphilic compounds (i.e. natural organic matter or surfactants) at environmentally realistic concentrations was investigated over several days. The suspensions were analyzed for CNT concentration (UV-vis spectroscopy), particle size (nanoparticle tracking analysis), and CNT length and dispersion quality (TEM). When added in dry form, around 1% of the added CNTs remained suspended. Pre-dispersion in organic solvent or anionic detergent stabilized up to 65% of the added CNTs after 20 days of mild shaking and 5 days of settling. The initial state of the CNTs (dry vs. suspended) and the medium composition hence are critical determinants for the partitioning of CNTs between sediment and the water column. TEM analysis revealed that single suspended CNTs were present in all suspensions and that shaking and settling resulted in a fractionation of the CNTs with shorter CNTs remaining predominantly in suspension. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2011-01-01	Environmental Pollution
10.1016/S0169-4332(02)00730-4	Imaging by time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry of plasma patterned metal and oxide thin films	Time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry (ToF-SIMS) imaging is employed to characterize the surface of patterned noble metal (Pt) and titania (TiO2) thin films deposited on oxidized silicon wafers. ToF-SIMS is used to follow the different process steps during the thin films patterning as well as the post-processing cleaning. Both positive and negative ToF-SIMS modes reveal the presence of contaminants, due to the etching processes (Cl- Al-,(+)), but only on the etched surfaces. Elements due to the post-processing cleaning (K+, Na+, Pb+) and photoresist residues are also detected but on the entire wafer surface. The utility of these chemically well-defined titania/platinum patterns is demonstrated for the,selective adsorption of phosphonic acid derivatives. Typical fragments of phosphonic acid groups, i.e. PO2- and PO3- show their preferential adsorption on TiO2. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	2003-01-01	Applied Surface Science
10.1021/am900662q	Magnetron-Sputtered Ag Surfaces. New Evidence for the Nature of the Ag Ions Intervening in Bacterial Inactivation	DC-magnetron sputtering with an Ag target on textile surfaces produced Ag particles with sizes similar to 4.7 nm (+/- 15%). Sputtering for 15 s led to Ag layers of 15-20 nm. The threshold sputtering time precluding airborne bacterial growth was about 60 s. In this case, the coating was similar to 40-50 nm thick and the cotton Ag loading was 0.0026 wt %. The Ag particle size did not vary significantly with sputtering time between 15 and 600 s. Only coatings above this thickness lead to bacterial inactivation. Ag/Pt targets with sputtering times <60 s did not increase the bactericide performance of the Ag cotton samples with respect to sputtering from an Ag target alone, as expected from the position of Pt respect to Ag in the electrochemical series (Galvanic effect). The Ag cotton deposition led to very thin metallic semitransparent gray color coatings. X-ray of the Ag cotton suggested the presence of amorphous and crystalline Ag species. By X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), it was found that the amount of oxidized silver species on the cotton was similar for sputtering times of 60 and 600 s, but the total amount of Ag deposited was almost two times higher after 600 s sputtering. This suggests chat the positive silver-ions were located mainly at the silver interface. The type of silver ions produced using the Ag/Pt sputtering was determined to be very similar at 15, 60, and 600 s with the silver ions produced with the Ag target. This explains the lack of an increased inhibitory effect of Pt during the inactivation of airborne bacteria when present in the Pt/Ag target with respect to the Ag target, because in both cases similar silver ionic species were found.	2010-01-01	Acs Applied Materials & Interfaces
10.1021/acs.nanolett.3c04314	Single-Molecule Time-Resolved Spectroscopy in a Tunable STM Nanocavity	Spontaneous fluorescence rates of single-molecule emitters are typically on the order of nanoseconds. However, coupling them with plasmonic nanostructures can substantially increase their fluorescence yields. The confinement between a tip and sample in a scanning tunneling microscope creates a tunable nanocavity, an ideal platform for exploring the yields and excitation decay rates of single-molecule emitters, depending on their coupling strength to the nanocavity. With such a setup, we determine the excitation lifetimes from the direct time-resolved measurements of phthalocyanine fluorescence decays, decoupled from the metal substrates by ultrathin NaCl layers. We find that when the tip is approached to single molecules, their lifetimes are reduced to the picosecond range due to the effect of coupling with the tip-sample nanocavity. On the other hand, ensembles of the adsorbed molecules measured without the nanocavity manifest nanosecond-range lifetimes. This approach overcomes the drawbacks associated with the estimation of lifetimes for single molecules from their respective emission line widths.	2024-01-29	Nano Letters
10.1016/S0022-3115(99)00086-0	Validation efforts for the neutronics of a plutonium-erbium-zirconium oxide inert matrix light water reactor fuel	Light water reactor (LWR) neutronics codes and cross-section libraries need further qualification when used for the calculation of inert matrix fuel (IMF) cells. Three types of validation efforts have been undertaken for the PuO2-Er2O3-ZrO2 IMF concept under development at the Paul Scherrer Institute (PSI). Firstly, the PSI calculational scheme, based on the BOXER code and its data library, has been applied to the analysis of a range of LWR experiments with PuO2-UO2 fuel, conducted earlier at PSI's PROTEUS facility. The generally good agreement obtained between calculated and measured parameters gives confidence in the ability of the employed calculational scheme to correctly modelize Pu-containing fuel cells. Secondly, reactivity effects of various burnable poisons in a ZrO2 matrix were measured in the CROCUS reactor of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology at Lausanne. Modelling these experiments with BOXER resulted in satisfactory prediction of measured reactivity ratios (relative to a soluble-boron standard) for most of the experimental rods employed. This was particularly the case for experiments with erbium, as well as with mixtures of erbium and europium (the latter being used to simulate the effects of overlapping resonances, as would be expected in the case of a Pu-Er IMF). Finally, as there are no experimental results available from power reactors employing IMFs, the validation of burnup calculations (at the cell level) has been based on results obtained in the framework of an international benchmark exercise on the physics of LWRs employing IMFs. Certain discrepancies in calculated parameters have been observed in this context, several of which can be attributed to specific differences in cross-section libraries.	1999-01-01	Journal of Nuclear Materials
10.1137/080742117	AN OPERATOR FORMULATION OF THE MULTISCALE FINITE-VOLUME METHOD WITH CORRECTION FUNCTION	The multiscale finite-volume (MSFV) method has been derived to efficiently solve large problems with spatially varying coefficients. The fine-scale problem is subdivided into local problems that can be solved separately and are coupled by a global problem. This algorithm, in consequence, shares some characteristics with two-level domain decomposition (DD) methods. However, the MSFV algorithm is different in that it incorporates a flux reconstruction step, which delivers a fine-scale mass conservative flux field without the need for iterating. This is achieved by the use of two overlapping coarse grids. The recently introduced correction function allows for a consistent handling of source terms, which makes the MSFV method a flexible algorithm that is applicable to a wide spectrum of problems. It is demonstrated that the MSFV operator, used to compute an approximate pressure solution, can be equivalently constructed by writing the Schur complement with a tangential approximation of a single-cell overlapping grid and incorporation of appropriate coarse-scale mass-balance equations.	2009-01-01	Multiscale Modeling & Simulation
10.1051/0004-6361/202244307	Euclid preparation XXII. Selection of quiescent galaxies from mock photometry using machine learning	The Euclid Space Telescope will provide deep imaging at optical and near-infrared wavelengths, along with slitless near-infrared spectroscopy, across similar to 15 000deg(2) of the sky. Euclid is expected to detect similar to 12 billion astronomical sources, facilitating new insights into cosmology, galaxy evolution, and various other topics. In order to optimally exploit the expected very large dataset, appropriate methods and software tools need to be developed. Here we present a novel machine-learning-based methodology for the selection of quiescent galaxies using broadband Euclid I-E, Y-E, J(E), and H-E photometry, in combination with multi-wavelength photometry from other large surveys (e.g. the Rubin LSST). The ARIADNE pipeline uses meta-learning to fuse decision-tree ensembles, nearest-neighbours, and deep-learning methods into a single classifier that yields significantly higher accuracy than any of the individual learning methods separately. The pipeline has been designed to have 'sparsity awareness', such that missing photometry values are informative for the classification. In addition, our pipeline is able to derive photometric redshifts for galaxies selected as quiescent, aided by the 'pseudo-labelling' semi-supervised method, and using an outlier detection algorithm to identify and reject likely catastrophic outliers. After the application of the outlier filter, our pipeline achieves a normalised mean absolute deviation of less than or similar to 0.03 and a fraction of catastrophic outliers of less than or similar to 0.02 when measured against the COSMOS2015 photometric redshifts. We apply our classification pipeline to mock galaxy photometry catalogues corresponding to three main scenarios: (i) Euclid Deep Survey photometry with ancillary ugriz, WISE, and radio data; (ii) Euclid Wide Survey photometry with ancillary ugriz, WISE, and radio data; and (iii) Euclid Wide Survey photometry only, with no foreknowledge of galaxy redshifts. In a like-for-like comparison, our classification pipeline outperforms UVJ selection, in addition to the Euclid I-E - Y-E, J(E) - H-E and u - I-E, I-E - J(E) colour-colour methods, with improvements in completeness and the F1-score (the harmonic mean of precision and recall) of up to a factor of 2.	2023-03-14	Astronomy & Astrophysics
10.1080/15226514.2013.856846	Feasibility Of Labile Zn Phytoextraction Using Enhanced Tobacco And Sunflower: Results Of Five- And One-Year Field-Scale Experiments In Switzerland	Phytoextraction with somaclonal variants of tobacco and sunflower mutant lines (non-GMs) with enhanced metal uptake and tolerance can be a sustainable alternative to conventional destructive decontamination methods, especially for stripping bioavailable zinc excess in topsoil. The overall results of a 5-year time series experiment at field scale in north-eastern Switzerland confirm that the labile Zn pool in soil can be lowered by 45-70%, whereas subplots without phytoextraction treatment maintained labile Zn concentrations. In 2011, the phytoextraction experiment site was enlarged by a factor of 3, and the labile 0.1M NaNO3 extractable Zn concentration in the soil was reduced up to 58% one period after harvest. A Mass Balance Analysis confirmed soil Zn decontamination in line with plant Zn uptake. The plants partially take Zn from the non-labile pool of the total. The sustainability of Zn phytoextraction in subplots that no longer exceed the Swiss trigger value is now assessed over time. In contrary to the phytoextraction of total soil Zn which needs a long cleaning up time, the bioavailable Zn stripping is feasible within a few years period.	2014-01-01	International Journal Of Phytoremediation
10.1021/acs.macromol.2c00061	Spatial Distribution of Functional Groups in Cellulose Ethers by DNP-Enhanced Solid-State NMR Spectroscopy	Cellulose ethers are an important class of biosourced polymers. They are typically obtained from by chemical modification of natural cellulosefibers in aheterogeneous process, resulting in heterogeneous distributions of the functional groups in the materials. A direct consequence is that batches with otherwise similarcharacteristics (molecular weights, degree of substitution, and particle size) can differin their material properties. Here, we show that dynamic nuclear polarization (DNP)-enhanced nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy can be used to reveal thespatial distribution of functional groups in cellulose ethers. Specifically, we show that we can clearly distinguish two samples ofhydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC) with otherwise almost identical chemical characteristics. Wefind that one of the samplesexhibits a more homogeneous distribution of the substituents throughout the bulk material, while the second sample shows a more partitioned distribution of the hydroxypropyl moieties, which are found to be more present in the core than the surface of the HPMC particles. The method yields new insights into why different cellulose ether samples with almost identical chemical properties show significant variations in their physical properties. The heterogeneity of substituents in bulk polymers is a general analytical problem, and the method presented here is applicable to other polymers	2022-04-12	Macromolecules
10.1007/s11661-001-0236-1	Numerical simulation of deformation-induced segregation in continuous casting of steel	The deformation-induced macrosegregation in continuous casting of steel has been simulated using a finite-volume scheme. For that purpose, a two-dimensional heat-flow computation was first performed in a Eulerian reference frame attached to the mold, assuming a unique solidification path, i.e., a unique relationship between temperature and enthalpy. This gave the stationary enthalpy field in the longitudinal section of the slab. On the other hand, bulging of the slab between two rolls was calculated in the same section, assuming plane-strain deformation and using the ABAQUS code. The Lagrangian reference frame was attached to the slab, and the rolls were moved at the surface until a stationary, bulging deformation profile was reached. The bulging of the surface was then used as an input condition for the calculation of the velocity and pressure fields in the interdendritic liquid. Using a fairly simple hypothesis for the deformation of the solid skeleton, the mass conservation and Darcy equations were solved in a Eulerian reference frame. This calculation was performed in an iterative loop, within which the solute conservation equation was also solved. At convergence and using the enthalpy field, this calculation allowed to obtain the temperature, the volume fraction of solid, and the average concentration fields, in addition to the fluid velocity and pressure. It is shown that the positive centerline segregation of carbon in the slab is well reproduced with this model. The effects of shrinkage and soft reduction were also investigated.	2001-01-01	Metallurgical and Materials Transactions
10.1021/acsami.0c00818	Elucidating the Doping Mechanism in Fluorene-Dithiophene-Based Hole Selective Layer Employing Ultrahydrophobic Ionic Liquid Dopant	Perovskite solar cells have set a new milestone in terms of efficiencies in the thin film photovoltaics category. Long-term stability of perovskite solar cells is of paramount importance but remains a challenging task. The lack of perovskite solar cells stability in real-time operating conditions erodes and impedes commercialization. Further improvements are essential with a view to delivering longer-lasting photovoltaic (PV) performances. An ideal path in this direction will be to identify novel dopants for boosting the conductivity and hole mobility of hole transport materials (HTMs), and by so doing, the usage of hygroscopic and deliquescent additive materials can be avoided. The present work demonstrates the employment of ionic liquids into a dissymmetric fluorene-dithiophene, FDT (2',7'-bis(bis(4-methoxyphenyl)amino) spiro[cyclopenta[2,1-b:3,4-b']dithiophene-4,9'-fluorene]) based HTM to understand the doping mechanisms. N-Heterocyclic hydrophobic ionic liquid, 1-butyl-3-methylpyidinium bis(trifluoromethylsulfonyl)imide (BMPyTFSI) as p-type dopant for FDT was found to increase the conductivity of FDT, to higher geometrical capacitance, to facilitate homogeneous film formation, and to enhance device stability. Our findings open up a broad range of hole-transport materials to control the degradation of the underlying water-sensitive active layer by substituting a hygroscopic element.	2020-02-26	Acs Applied Materials & Interfaces
10.1016/j.susc.2008.06.009	Modified herringbone reconstruction on Au(111) induced by self-assembled Azure A islands	Upon submonolayer deposition of Azure A molecules onto reconstructed Au(1 1 1), two-dimensional quasi-rectangular islands are observed by low-temperature scanning tunneling microscopy. Strikingly, the 22 x root 3 reconstruction with alternating hexagonal close packed (hcp) and face centered cubic (fcc) domains of the native Au(1 1 1) surface layer is found to be strongly modified underneath the self-assembled islands of Azure A molecules. The bridge-hcp-bridge-fcc-bridge period of 63 angstrom on clean Au(1 1 1) is expanded by about 12% and occasionally reaches even 22%. This increase of the unreconstructed fcc areas underneath the molecular islands reflects a partial lifting of the reconstruction caused by the interaction between the adsorbed molecules and the outermost Au atoms at the molecule-metal interface. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2008-01-01	Surface Science
10.2533/chimia.2022.529	Ultrafast Single-particle Imaging with Intense X-ray Pulses	Ultrafast single-particle imaging with intense x-ray pulses from free-electron laser sources provides a new approach for visualizing structure and dynamics on the nanoscale. After a short introduction to the novel free-electron laser sources and methods, we highlight selected applications and discuss how ultrafast imaging flourishes from method development to early applications in physics and biology to opportunities for chemical sciences.	2022-06-01	Chimia
10.1093/cercor/bhad370	Connecting the dots: harnessing dual-site transcranial magnetic stimulation to quantify the causal influence of medial frontal areas on the motor cortex	Dual-site transcranial magnetic stimulation has been widely employed to investigate the influence of cortical structures on the primary motor cortex. Here, we leveraged this technique to probe the causal influence of two key areas of the medial frontal cortex, namely the supplementary motor area and the medial orbitofrontal cortex, on primary motor cortex. We show that supplementary motor area stimulation facilitates primary motor cortex activity across short (6 and 8 ms) and long (12 ms) inter-stimulation intervals, putatively recruiting cortico-cortical and cortico-subcortico-cortical circuits, respectively. Crucially, magnetic resonance imaging revealed that this facilitatory effect depended on a key morphometric feature of supplementary motor area: individuals with larger supplementary motor area volumes exhibited more facilitation from supplementary motor area to primary motor cortex for both short and long inter-stimulation intervals. Notably, we also provide evidence that the facilitatory effect of supplementary motor area stimulation at short intervals is unlikely to arise from spinal interactions of volleys descending simultaneously from supplementary motor area and primary motor cortex. On the other hand, medial orbitofrontal cortex stimulation moderately suppressed primary motor cortex activity at both short and long intervals, irrespective of medial orbitofrontal cortex volume. These results suggest that dual-site transcranial magnetic stimulation is a fruitful approach to investigate the differential influence of supplementary motor area and medial orbitofrontal cortex on primary motor cortex activity, paving the way for the multimodal assessment of these fronto-motor circuits in health and disease.	2023-10-06	Cerebral Cortex
10.1063/1.2217950	17O nuclear quadrupole coupling constants of water bound to a metal ion: A gadolinium(III) case study	Rotational correlation times of metal ion aqua complexes can be detd. from 17O NMR relaxation rates if the quadrupole coupling const. of the bound water oxygen-17 nucleus is known. The rotational correlation time is an important parameter for the efficiency of Gd3+ complexes as magnetic resonance imaging contrast agents. Using a combination of d. functional theory with classical and Car-Parrinello mol. dynamics simulations we performed a computational study of the 17O quadrupole coupling consts. in model aqua ions and the [Gd(DOTA)(H2O)]- complex used in clin. diagnostics. For the inner sphere water mol. in the [Gd(DOTA)(H2O)]- complex the detd. quadrupole coupling parameter cÖ1+h2/3 of 8.7 MHz is very similar to that of the liq. water (9.0 MHz). Very close values were also predicted for the the homoleptic aqua ions of Gd3+ and Ca2+. We conclude that the 17O quadrupole coupling parameters of water mols. coordinated to closed shell and lanthanide metal ions are similar to water mols. in the liq. state.	2006-01-01	Journal of Chemical Physics
10.1109/TMI.2015.2413211	Accuracy and Precision of Head Motion Information in Multi-Channel Free Induction Decay Navigators for Magnetic Resonance Imaging	Free induction decay (FID) navigators were found to qualitatively detect rigid-body head movements, yet it is unknown to what extent they can provide quantitative motion estimates. Here, we acquired FID navigators at different sampling rates and simultaneously measured head movements using a highly accurate optical motion tracking system. This strategy allowed us to estimate the accuracy and precision of FID navigators for quantification of rigid-body head movements. Five subjects were scanned with a 32-channel head coil array on a clinical 3T MR scanner during several resting and guided head movement periods. For each subject we trained a linear regression model based on FID navigator and optical motion tracking signals. FIDbased motion model accuracy and precision was evaluated using cross-validation. FID-based prediction of rigid-body head motion was found to be with a mean translational and rotational error of 0.140.21 mm and 0.080.13, respectively. Robust model training with sub-millimeter and sub-degree accuracy could be achieved using 100 data points with motion magnitudes of 2 mm and 1 degree for translation and rotation. The obtained linear models appeared to be subject-specific as inter-subject application of a 'universal' FID-based motion model resulted in poor prediction accuracy. The results show that substantial rigid-body motion information is encoded in FID navigator signal time courses. Although, the applied method currently requires the simultaneous acquisition of FID signals and optical tracking data, the findings suggest that multi-channel FID navigators have a potential to complement existing tracking technologies for accurate rigid-body motion detection and correction in MRI.	2015-01-01	IEEE transactions on medical imaging
10.3389/fncom.2010.00143	STDP in adaptive neurons gives close-to-optimal information transmission	Spike-frequency adaptation is known to enhance the transmission of information in sensory spiking neurons by rescaling the dynamic range for input processing, matching it to the temporal statistics of the sensory stimulus. Achieving maximal information transmission has also been recently postulated as a role for spike-timing-dependent plasticity (STDP). However, the link between optimal plasticity and STDP in cortex remains loose, as does the relationship between STDP and adaptation processes. We investigate how STDP, as described by recent minimal models derived from experimental data, influences the quality of information transmission in an adapting neuron. We show that a phenomenological model based on triplets of spikes yields almost the same information rate as an optimal model specially designed to this end. In contrast, the standard pair-based model of STDP does not improve information transmission as much. This result holds not only for additive STDP with hard weight bounds, known to produce bimodal distributions of synaptic weights, but also for weight-dependent STDP in the context of unimodal but skewed weight distributions. We analyze the similarities between the triplet model and the optimal learning rule, and find that the triplet effect is an important feature of the optimal model when the neuron is adaptive. If STDP is optimized for information transmission, it must take into account the dynamical properties of the postsynaptic cell, which might explain the target-cell specificity of STDP. In particular, it accounts for the differences found in vitro between STDP at excitatory synapses onto principal cells and those onto fast-spiking interneurons.	2010-01-01	Frontiers in Computational Neuroscience
10.1002/anie.201505916	Chiral gamma-Lactams by Enantioselective Palladium(0)-Catalyzed Cyclopropane Functionalizations	Cyclopropanes fused to pyrrolidines are important structural features found in a number of marketed drugs and development candidates. Typically, their synthesis involves the cyclopropanation of a dihydropyrrole precursor. Reported herein is a complementary approach which employs a palladium(0)-catalyzed C-H functionalization of an achiral cyclopropane to close the pyrrolidine ring in an enantioselective manner. In contrast to aryl-aryl couplings, palladium(0)-catalyzed C-H functionalizations involving the formation of C(sp(3))-C(sp(3)) bonds of saturated heterocycles are very scarce. The presented strategy yields cyclopropane-fused gamma-lactams from chloroacetamide substrates. A bulky Taddol phosphonite ligand in combination with adamantane-1-carboxylic acid as a cocatalyst provides the gamma-lactams in excellent yields and enantioselectivities.	2015-01-01	Angewandte Chemie-International Edition
10.1109/JMEMS.2017.2727544	Modeling, Design, and Manufacturing of Microfabricated Coils With High Inductance Density	This paper addresses the design and manufacturing of small scale square planar coils with inductance densities ranging from 2 to 19 miH.mm-2. The design strategy is based on both analytic formulas and finite element method (FEM). Two different manufacturing techniques, based on copper and aluminum respectively, are used for the coils fabrication and the key aspects as well as the technological limits of each process are discussed. The inductance measurements performed on the completed coils show good agreement with the theoretical predictions, with typical discrepancy below 4%. Finally, the overall performances of the components are evaluated in terms of volumic inductance density and inductance to resistance ratio.	2017-01-01	Journal of Microelectromechanical Systems
10.4028/0-87849-344-1.247	Atomistic simulation of ½<111> screw dislocations in BCC tungsten	Atomistic simulations are used to describe the ½<111> screw dislocation in tungsten. Two different embedded atom model (EAM) potentials and one bond-order potential (BOP) are compared. A new analytical approach for constructing asymmetrical screw dislocations is presented.	2009-01-01	Advanced Materials Research
10.1016/j.trc.2021.103373	Operational analysis of an innovative semi-autonomous on-demand transportation system	Semi-autonomous transportation systems are an intermediate step towards full automation of transportation systems. They use and benefit from the technological advances brought by automation while being already implementable at larger scale under the current regulations and within the existing urban environment.	2021-11-01	Transportation Research Part C-Emerging Technologies
10.1088/0953-8984/5/33/020	Spectroscopic Observation Of Charge-Density-Wave-Induced Changes In The Electronic-Structure Of 2H-TaSe2	We have performed a high-energy-resolution photoelectron spectroscopy investigation of the quasi-two-dimensional material 2H-TaSe2. Temperature-dependent constant-binding energy curves reveal that characteristic changes in the electronic density of states occur continuously through the second-order charge-density-wave (CDW) transition at 122 K. The photoelectron spectra indicate that different parts of the Fermi surface are unequally affected by the CDW and suggest the formation of an energy gap in the GAMMAK direction of the Brillouin zone.	1993-01-01	Journal Of Physics-Condensed Matter
10.1177/0278364918815757	A reconfiguration strategy for modular robots using origami folding	Reconfigurability in versatile systems of modular robots is achieved by changing the morphology of the overall structure as well as by connecting and disconnecting modules. Recurrent connectivity changes can cause misalignment that leads to mechanical failure of the system. This paper presents a new approach to reconfiguration, inspired by the art of origami, that eliminates connectivity changes during transformation. Our method consists of an energy-optimal reconfiguration planner that generates an initial 2D assembly pattern and an actuation sequence of the modular units, both resulting in minimum energy consumption. The algorithmic framework includes two approaches, an automatic modeling algorithm as well as a heuristic algorithm. We further demonstrate the effectiveness of our method by applying the algorithms to Mori, a modular origami robot, in simulation. Our results show that the heuristic algorithm yields reconfiguration schemes with high quality, compared with the automatic modeling algorithm, simultaneously saving a considerable amount of computational time and effort.	2018-12-05	The International Journal of Robotics Research
10.1016/j.aim.2019.106895	A class of 2-local finite spectra which admit a v1/2-self-map	At the prime 2, Behrens, Hill, Hopkins and Mahowald showed that M-2 (1, 4) admits a 32-periodic v(2)-self-map. More recently, in joint work with Mahowald, we showed that A(1) also admits a 32-periodic v(2)-self-map. This leads to the question of whether there exists a finite 2-local complex with periodicity less than 32. We answer this question in the affirmative by producing a class of finite 2-local spectra (Z) over tilde all of which admit a 1-periodic v(2)-self-map. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2020-01-22	Advances In Mathematics
10.1016/j.tsep.2023.101734	The influence of splitter blades and meridional profiles on the performance of small-scale turbopumps for ORC applications; analysis, neural network modeling and optimization	This work presents the influence of splitters on the performance of small-scale turbopumps for organic Rankine cycle applications numerically. Different design parameters, such as impeller diameter at the outlet, number of blades, blade angle at the trailing edge, and the length and location of the splitter blades, are studied for both shrouded and unshrouded impellers at tip clearance ratios of 0.05 and 0.10 (relative to blade height). The results suggest that splitter blades can increase impeller head coefficient and slip factors up to 10%–24% depending on the blade outlet angle. At the same time, the total efficiency is not influenced significantly. The CFD calculations predict that the placement of splitters in the middle of the blade channel leads to the maximum head coefficient for shrouded impellers. In contrast, for the tip clearance ratio of 0.10, a higher head coefficient is observed for placement closer to the suction side of the main blade. After that, different meridional profiles are studied to investigate their influence on the performance characteristics and mitigation of tip clearance effects. Profiles with a sharper change of cross-section area at the inlet rather than a linear change are found more advantageous, as higher head rise, total efficiency, and static efficiency are observed. In the end, the splitter blade profiles are optimized through techniques of design of experiments, leading to a 2.43% improvement in total efficiency. In contrast, the head rise remains constant, and static efficiency decreases by 0.49% for an impeller with a tip clearance ratio of 0.05.	2023-03-01	Thermal Science and Engineering Progress
10.1111/1755-0998.12629	High performance computation of landscape genomic models including local indicators of spatial association	With the increasing availability of both molecular and topo-climatic data, the main challenges facing landscape genomics — i.e. the combination of landscape ecology with population genomics — include processing large numbers of models and distinguishing between selection and demographic processes (e.g. population structure). Several methods address the latter, either by estimating a null model of population history or by simultaneously inferring environmental and demographic effects. Here we present Samβada, an approach designed to study signatures of local adaptation, with special emphasis on high performance computing of large-scale genetic and environmental datasets. Samβada identifies candidate loci using genotype-environment associations while also incorporating multivariate analyses to assess the effect of many environmental predictor variables. This enables the inclusion of explanatory variables representing population structure into the models in order to lower the occurrences of spurious genotype-environment associations. In addition, Samβada calculates Local Indicators of Spatial Association (LISA) for candidate loci to provide information on whether similar genotypes tend to cluster in space, which constitutes a useful indication of the possible kinship between individuals. To test the usefulness of this approach, we carried out a simulation study and analysed a dataset from Ugandan cattle to detect signatures of local adaptation with Samβada, BayEnv, LFMM and an FST outlier method (FDIST approach in Arlequin) and compare their results. Samβada — an open source software for Windows, Linux and Mac OS X available at http://lasig.epfl.ch/sambada — outperforms other approaches and better suits whole genome sequence data processing.	2017-01-01	Molecular Ecology Resources
10.1007/s11661-000-0276-y	The effect of gravity on solution-reprecipitation during liquid phase sintering	Solution-reprecipitation during liquid phase sintering can lead to gravity-aligned gradients in the amount of refractory phase as a result of the interaction between gravitational forces and capillary forces. We provide an analysis of this mechanism for gradient formation and show that for most important engineering materials, solution-reprecipitation does not cause substantial gravity-induced gradients. This conclusion is in agreement with published data for tungsten heavy alloy materials containing volume fractions of solids greater than about 0.7 at the sintering temperature. Macrostructural gradients in liquid phase sintered materials have been reported in the literature; however, these materials contain sufficient liquid at the sintering temperature that solid grains settle within the liquid, perhaps contributing to the observed gradients.	2000-01-01	Metallurgical And Materials Transactions A-Physical Metallurgy And Materials Science
10.1007/JHEP11(2020)139	A scattering amplitude in Conformal Field Theory	We define form factors and scattering amplitudes in Conformal Field Theory as the coefficient of the singularity of the Fourier transform of time-ordered correlation functions, as p(2) -> 0. In particular, we study a form factor F(s, t, u) obtained from a four-point function of identical scalar primary operators. We show that F is crossing symmetric, analytic and it has a partial wave expansion. We illustrate our findings in the 3d Ising model, perturbative fixed points and holographic CFTs.	2020-11-25	Journal Of High Energy Physics
10.1109/LRA.2019.2950816	Personalized Telerobotics by Fast Machine Learning of Body-Machine Interfaces	Human-Robot Interfaces (HRIs) can be hard to master for inexperienced users, making the teleoperation of mobile robots a difficult task. The development of Body-Machine Interfaces (BoMIs) represents a promising approach to making a user more proficient, by exploiting the natural control they can exert on their own body motion. Since human motion presents individual traits due to several factors, including physical condition, age, and experience, generic BoMIs still require a significant learning time and effort to reach adequate ability in teleoperation. In this work, we present a novel approach which provides a Body-Machine Interface tailored on the specific user. Our method autonomously learns from the user their preferred strategy to control the robot, and provide a personalized body-machine mapping. We show that the proposed method can significantly reduce the duration of the training phase in teleoperation, thus allowing faster skill acquisition. We validated our approach by performing both simulation and real-world experiments with human subjects. The first involved the teleoperation of a fixed-wing simulated drone, while the second consisted in controlling a real quadrotor. We used our framework to extrapolate common and peculiar features of movements among individuals. Observing reoccurring strategies, we provide insights on how humans would naturally interface with a distal machine.	2019-10-31	IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters
10.1016/0955-2219(96)00012-X	Sintering behaviour and ionic conductivity of yttria-doped ceria	Highly sinterable yttria-doped ceria powder (YO1.5)x (CeO2)1 − x (x = 0.1–0.33) was fabricated by an optimized coprecipitation route. Compacted bodies could be sintered to impermeability at 1200 °C and near full density at 1300 °C, among the lowest temperatures reported for doped ceria densification. Ceria diffusion is important above 1400 °C. Excellent conduction properties were observed: high ionic conductivity (6.5 S m−1 at 750 °C for Ce0.8Y0.2O1.9), low activation energy (0.7 eV) and vanishing grain-boundary resistance	1996-01-01	Journal of the European Ceramic Society
10.1007/s11273-014-9367-1	A hydrologic tracer study in a small, natural wetland in the humid tropics of Costa Rica	Growing populations and food demand in the tropics are leading to increased environmental pressures on wetland ecosystems, including a greater reliance on natural wetlands for water quality improvement. Effective assessment of wetland treatment potential requires an improved understanding of the hydraulic and biogeochemical factors that govern contaminant behavior, however detailed studies of flow through natural, tropical wetlands are scarce. We performed a tracer study using a conservative salt (potassium bromide) to examine the hydraulic behavior of a small, natural wetland in the Costa Rican humid tropics and modeled observed breakthrough curves using the 1-D advection-dispersion equation. Velocities in the wetland were extremely slow, from less than 4 m day(-1) to a maximum of similar to 30 m day(-1), and were distributed across several flowpaths, illustrating a spatial heterogeneity of flow and velocities. Modeled dispersion coefficients were also low (33 +/- A 33 m(2) day(-1)). Estimated residence times suggested high potential pollutant removal capacity over a range of influent concentrations, reinforcing the environmental services provided by this and other small tropical wetlands. The study also highlighted how small variations in wetland topography and vegetation yield strong differences in transport patterns that affect transport and mixing in densely vegetated, heterogeneous wetland systems. Empirical data on the hydraulics, and resulting ecosystem functions, of small, distributed wetlands may provide support for improved conservation and management of these important ecosystems.	2015-01-01	Wetlands Ecology And Management
10.1073/pnas.1707633114	Katabatic winds diminish precipitation contribution to the Antarctic ice mass balance	Snowfall in Antarctica is a key term of the ice sheet mass budget that influences the sea level at global scale. Over the continental margins, persistent katabatic winds blow all year long and supply the lower troposphere with unsaturated air. We show that this dry air leads to significant low-level sublimation of snowfall. We found using unprecedented data collected over 1 year on the coast of Adelie Land and simulations from different atmospheric models that low-level sublimation accounts for a 17% reduction of total snowfall over the continent and up to 35% on the margins of East Antarctica, significantly affecting satellite-based estimations close to the ground. Our findings suggest that, as climate warming progresses, this process will be enhanced and will limit expected precipitation increases at the ground level.	2017-01-01	Proceedings Of The National Academy Of Sciences Of The United States Of America
10.1007/s10827-023-00852-0	Hierarchical processing underpins competition in tactile perceptual bistability	Ambiguous sensory information can lead to spontaneous alternations between perceptual states, recently shown to extend to tactile perception. The authors recently proposed a simplified form of tactile rivalry which evokes two competing percepts for a fixed difference in input amplitudes across antiphase, pulsatile stimulation of the left and right fingers. This study addresses the need for a tactile rivalry model that captures the dynamics of perceptual alternations and that incorporates the structure of the somatosensory system. The model features hierarchical processing with two stages. The first and the second stages of model could be located at the secondary somatosensory cortex (area S2), or in higher areas driven by S2. The model captures dynamical features specific to the tactile rivalry percepts and produces general characteristics of perceptual rivalry: input strength dependence of dominance times (Levelt's proposition II), short-tailed skewness of dominance time distributions and the ratio of distribution moments. The presented modelling work leads to experimentally testable predictions. The same hierarchical model could generalise to account for percept formation, competition and alternations for bistable stimuli that involve pulsatile inputs from the visual and auditory domains.	2023-05-19	Journal Of Computational Neuroscience
10.1016/j.jpdc.2023.104743	As easy as ABC: Optimal (A)ccountable (B)yzantine (C)onsensus is easy!	In a non-synchronous system with n processes, no t(0)-resilient (deterministic or probabilistic) Byzantine consensus protocol can prevent a disagreement among correct processes if the number of faulty processes is > n - 2t(0). Therefore, the community defined the accountable Byzantine consensus problem: the problem of (i) solving Byzantine consensus whenever possible (e.g., when the number of faulty processes does not exceed t(0)), and (ii) allowing correct processes to obtain proofs of culpability of n - 2t(0) faulty processes whenever a disagreement occurs. This paper presents ABC, a simple yet efficient transformation of any non-synchronous t(0)-resilient (deterministic or probabilistic) Byzantine consensus protocol into its accountable counterpart. In the common case (up to t(0) faults), ABC introduces an additive overhead of two communication rounds and O (n(2)) exchanged bits. Whenever they disagree, correct processes detect culprits by exchanging O (n(3)) messages, which we prove optimal. Lastly, ABC is not limited to Byzantine consensus: ABC provides accountability for other essential distributed problems (e.g., reliable and consistent broadcast). (c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons .org /licenses /by /4 .0/).	2023-11-01	Journal Of Parallel And Distributed Computing
10.1109/TUFFC.2004.1320781	The effect of boundary conditions and sample aspect ratio on apparent d(33) piezoelectric coefficient determined by direct quasistatic method	The effect of boundary conditions (e.g., type of metal contacts) and sample geometry (e.g., sample aspect ratio) on measurements of direct longitudinal d(33) coefficient in piezoelectric ceramics is studied by direct quasistatic method. We show that at small aspect ratio (thickness/lateral dimension <0.1) the measured d(33meas) is as much as 30% lower than the true value, d(33true). Measured d(33) increases with increasing aspect ratio and reaches its true value at a threshold aspect ratio that is dependent on ceramic composition and is about approximate to0.5 in the case of soft and hard Pb(Zr,Ti)O-3. Experimental results show that, when the force is applied over the whole electroded surface of the sample, the d(33) depends only on the aspect ratio and not size of samples. The experimental results are compared with simulations using finite element modeling (FEM) and are interpreted in terms of distribution of strain/stress within the sample, which leads to functional dependence of the measured d(33) on transverse d(31) and shear d(15) coefficients. It is shown experimentally and by FEM that the value of d(33) at low aspect ratios depends on the type of metallic contacts used to collect the charge and apply the pressure on the sample. Effect of nonlinearity of the d(31) and d(15) coefficients on d(33) measurements also is considered.	2004-01-01	Ieee Transactions on Ultrasonics Ferroelectrics and Frequency Control
10.1111/j.1365-246X.2011.05110.x	Seismic response of a single and a set of filled joints of viscoelastic deformational behaviour	Rock joints are often filled with weak medium, for example, saturated clay or sand, of viscoelastic nature. Their effects on wave propagation can be modelled as displacement and stress discontinuity conditions. The viscoelastic behaviour of the filled joint can be described by either the Kelvin or the Maxwell models. The analytical solutions for wave propagation across a single joint are derived in this paper by accounting for the incident angle, the non-dimensional joint stiffness, the non-dimensional joint viscosity and the acoustic impedance ratio of the filled joint. It is shown that the viscoelastic behaviour results in dissipation of wave energy and frequency dependence of the reflection and transmission coefficients. Based on curve fitting of the experimental data of P-wave propagation across a single joint filled with saturated sand, both the Kelvin and Maxwell models are found to reproduce the behaviour of the filled joint, in terms of the amplitude and frequency contents. Then, wave transmission across a filled joint set is studied with the virtual wave source method and the scattering matrix method, where multiple wave reflections among joints are taken into account. It is shown that the non-dimensional joint spacing and the number of joints have significant effects on the transmission coefficients.	2011-01-01	Geophysical Journal International
10.1016/j.optlaseng.2007.01.001	Generalized linear prediction method in phase-shifting interferometry in the presence of noise	The effectiveness of phase-shifting interferometry (PSI) techniques employing piezoelectric device PZT in the estimation of phase depends largely on the accuracy with which the phase shifts are imparted to the device and the noise influencing the measurement. Several effective algorithms have been proposed to compute the phase shifts imparted to the device and subsequently obtain the phase using least-squares estimation technique. In this paper, we propose a generalized approach, which accurately estimates the phase shifts in the presence of noise. The method is based on the idea of linear prediction and explores the fact that sampling more data frames yields a reliable phase step estimate in a least-squares sense. We also compare our method with a commonly used generalized phase-shifting method based on histogram analysis and show that our proposed approach is highly effective. We also present simulation and experimental validations of our proposed method. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2007-01-01	Optics And Lasers In Engineering
10.1051/0004-6361/202039403	Euclid preparation: X. The Euclid photometric-redshift challenge	Forthcoming large photometric surveys for cosmology require precise and accurate photometric redshift (photo-z) measurements for the success of their main science objectives. However, to date, no method has been able to produce photo-zs at the required accuracy using only the broad-band photometry that those surveys will provide. An assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of current methods is a crucial step in the eventual development of an approach to meet this challenge. We report on the performance of 13 photometric redshift code single value redshift estimates and redshift probability distributions (PDZs) on a common set of data, focusing particularly on the 0.2-2.6 redshift range that the Euclid mission will probe. We designed a challenge using emulated Euclid data drawn from three photometric surveys of the COSMOS field. The data was divided into two samples: one calibration sample for which photometry and redshifts were provided to the participants; and the validation sample, containing only the photometry to ensure a blinded test of the methods. Participants were invited to provide a redshift single value estimate and a PDZ for each source in the validation sample, along with a rejection flag that indicates the sources they consider unfit for use in cosmological analyses. The performance of each method was assessed through a set of informative metrics, using cross-matched spectroscopic and highly-accurate photometric redshifts as the ground truth. We show that the rejection criteria set by participants are efficient in removing strong outliers, that is to say sources for which the photo-z deviates by more than 0.15(1+z) from the spectroscopic-redshift (spec-z). We also show that, while all methods are able to provide reliable single value estimates, several machine-learning methods do not manage to produce useful PDZs. We find that no machine-learning method provides good results in the regions of galaxy color-space that are sparsely populated by spectroscopic-redshifts, for example z> 1. However they generally perform better than template-fitting methods at low redshift (z< 0.7), indicating that template-fitting methods do not use all of the information contained in the photometry. We introduce metrics that quantify both photo-z precision and completeness of the samples (post-rejection), since both contribute to the final figure of merit of the science goals of the survey (e.g., cosmic shear from Euclid). Template-fitting methods provide the best results in these metrics, but we show that a combination of template-fitting results and machine-learning results with rejection criteria can outperform any individual method. On this basis, we argue that further work in identifying how to best select between machine-learning and template-fitting approaches for each individual galaxy should be pursued as a priority.	2020-11-25	Astronomy & Astrophysics
10.1016/j.bios.2013.06.052	Monitoring proliferative activities of hormone-like odorants in human breast cancer cells by gene transcription profiling and electrical impedance spectroscopy	The human estrogen receptor alpha (ER!) mediates the proliferative action of hormones in breast cancer cells by regulating the expression of target genes to control cellular functions. Current methodologies do not permit a real-time assessment of these processes in living cells. We overcome this limitation using electrical cell-substrate impedance sensing for measuring ER!-regulated signaling processes indicative of the onset of cell proliferation to target them for compound screenings. We report that hormone like odorants regulate, similarly as natural estrogen, ER!-mediated gene expression involved in mitogenic and developmental processes in MCF7 breast cancer cells. An odorant concentration-dependent switch in cell responses was detectable already 10–15 h post-stimulation, providing rapid quanti!cation of hormonal activity before cell division occurred. Though ER! exhibits complex regulatory roles our noninvasive approach captures its activity for accelerated screenings of compounds promoting breast cancer cell proliferation expanding the analysis of ER! signaling networks.	2013-01-01	Biosensors and Bioelectronics
10.1021/ja065980n	Microsolvation effects on the excited state dynamics of protonated tryptophan	To better understand the complex photophysics of the amino acid tryptophan, which is widely used as a probe of protein structure and dynamics, we have measured electronic spectra of protonated, gas-phase tryptophan solvated with a controlled number of water molecules and cooled to ~10K. We observe that even at this temperature, the bare molecule exhibits a broad electronic spectrum, implying ultra-fast, non-radiative decay of the excited state. Surprisingly, the addition of two water molecules sufficiently lengthens the excited state lifetime that we obtain a fully vibrationally resolved electronic spectrum. First-principles based simulations of the excited state dynamics clearly demonstrate how interactions with water destabilize the photodissociative states and increase the excited state lifetime.	2006-01-01	Journal of the American Chemical Society
10.1021/nl501026r	Electrochemical Control of Two-Color Emission from Colloidal Dot-in-Bulk Nanocrystals	Colloidal "dot-in-bulk" nanocrystals (DiB NCs) consist of a quantum confined core embedded into a bulklike shell of a larger energy gap. The first reported example of this class of nanostructures are CdSe/CdS DiB NCs that are capable of producing tunable two-color emission under both weak continuous-wave optical excitation and electrical charge injection. This property is a consequence of a Coulomb blockade mechanism, which slows down dramatically intraband relaxation of shell-localized holes when the core is already occupied by a hole. Here, we demonstrate electrochemical control of dual emission from DiB NCs. Spectro-electrochemical (SEC) experiments are used to tune and probe the photoluminescence (PL) intensity and branching between the core and the shell emission channels as a function of applied electrochemical potential (V-EC). To interpret the SEC data we develop a model that describes the changes in the intensities of the shell and core PL bands by relating them to the occupancies of electron and hole traps. Specifically, application of negative electrochemical potentials under which theratiometric Fermi level is shifted upward in energy leads to passivation of electron traps at the surface of the CdS shell thereby increasing the total PL quantum yield by favoring the shell emission. Simultaneously, the emission color changes from red (V-EC = 0) through yellow to green (V-EC = 1). Time-resolved PL measurements indicate that as the Fermi level approaches the NC conduction band-edge electrons are injected into the NC quantized states, which leads to typical signatures of negative trions observed under optical excitation. Application of positive potentials leads to activation of electron traps, which quenches both core and shell PL and leads to the reduction of the overall PL quantum efficiency. A high sensitivity of emission intensity (especially pronounced for the shell band) and the apparent emission color of DiB NCs to local electrochemical environment can enable interesting applications of these novel nanostructures in areas of imaging and sensing including, for example, ratiometric probing of intracellular pH.	2014-01-01	Nano Letters
10.1016/j.jcrysgro.2007.11.114	Growth modification of hematite by phosphonate additives	The hydroxylated surface structures of seven morphologically important crystallographic surfaces of hematite were calculated allowing the determination of the surface energies and, consequently,the hematite equilibrium morphology. The docking of two organic phosphonate additives (methylnitrilo-dimethylenephosphonicacid—MNDP, ethylenediaminetetraphosphonicacid—EDTP) was then simulated on these surfaces and there placement energies calculated. With these energies, the effect of MNDP and EDTP on the hematite equilibrium morphology could be predicted. Results without the additives how a bipyramidal morphology of (102) faces capped with (222)faces at each end. The interaction with the EDTP additive predicts the stabilization of the (101)face to be far more pronounced than for the MND Padditive. This leads to the appearance of (101) faces in the morphology predicted in presence of EDTP. Experimental validation by means of electron microscopy shows morphologies close to those calculated, confirming that a computational approach can be used for the prediction of morphologies of crystals grown in the presence of additives.	2008-01-01	Journal of Crystal Growth
10.1093/brain/awab076	CSP alpha reduces aggregates and rescues striatal dopamine release in alpha-synuclein transgenic mice	alpha-Synuclein aggregation at the synapse is an early event in Parkinson's disease and is associated with impaired striatal synaptic function and dopaminergic neuronal death. The cysteine string protein (CSP alpha) and alpha-synuclein have partially overlapping roles in maintaining synaptic function and mutations in each cause neurodegenerative diseases. CSP alpha is a member of the DNAJ/HSP40 family of co-chaperones and like alpha-synuclein, chaperones the SNARE complex assembly and controls neurotransmitter release. alpha-Synuclein can rescue neurodegeneration in CSP alpha KO mice. However, whether alpha-synuclein aggregation alters CSP alpha expression and function is unknown. Here we show that alpha-synuclein aggregation at the synapse is associated with a decrease in synaptic CSP alpha and a reduction in the complexes that CSP alpha forms with HSC70 and STG alpha. We further show that viral delivery of CSP alpha rescues in uitro the impaired vesicle recycling in PC12 cells with alpha-synuclein aggregates and in uiuo reduces synaptic alpha-synuclein aggregates increasing monomeric alpha-synuclein and restoring normal dopamine release in 1-120h alpha Syn mice. These novel findings reveal a mechanism by which alpha-synuclein aggregation alters CSP alpha at the synapse, and show that CSP alpha rescues alpha-synuclein aggregation-related phenotype in 1-120h alpha Syn mice similar to the effect of alpha-synuclein in CSP alpha KO mice. These results implicate CSP alpha as a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of earlystage Parkinson's disease.	2021-06-01	Brain
10.1038/s41928-023-01064-1	A large-scale integrated vector–matrix multiplication processor based on monolayer molybdenum disulfide memories	Data-driven algorithms—such as signal processing and artificial neural networks—are required to process and extract meaningful information from the massive amounts of data currently being produced in the world. This processing is, however, limited by the traditional von Neumann architecture with its physical separation of processing and memory, which motivates the development of in-memory computing. Here we report an integrated 32 × 32 vector–matrix multiplier with 1,024 floating-gate field-effect transistors that use monolayer molybdenum disulfide as the channel material. In our wafer-scale fabrication process, we achieve a high yield and low device-to-device variability, which are prerequisites for practical applications. A statistical analysis highlights the potential for multilevel and analogue storage with a single programming pulse, allowing our accelerator to be programmed using an efficient open-loop programming scheme. We also demonstrate reliable, discrete signal processing in a parallel manner.	2023-01-01	Nature Electronics
10.1103/PhysRevB.92.184429	Magnetic order dynamics in optically excited multiferroic TbMnO3	We performed ultrafast time-resolved near-infrared pump, resonant soft x-ray diffraction probe measurements to investigate the coupling between the photoexcited electronic system and the spin cycloid magnetic order in multiferroic TbMnO3 at low temperatures. We observe melting of the long range antiferromagnetic order at low excitation fluences with a decay time constant of 22.3 +/- 1.1 ps, which is much slower than the similar to 1 ps melting times previously observed in other systems. To explain the data, we propose a simple model of the melting process where the pump laser pulse directly excites the electronic system, which then leads to an increase in the effective temperature of the spin system via a slower relaxation mechanism. Despite this apparent increase in the effective spin temperature, we do not observe changes in the wave vector q of the antiferromagnetic spin order that would typically correlate with an increase in temperature under equilibrium conditions. We suggest that this behavior results from the extremely low magnon group velocity that hinders a change in the spin-spiral wave vector on these time scales.	2015-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1002/aelm.202400058	3D Printing of Customizable Transient Bioelectronics and Sensors	Transient electronics have emerged as a new category of devices that can degrade after their functional lifetime, offering tremendous potential as disposable sensors, actuators, wearables, and implants. Additive manufacturing methods represent a promising approach for patterning transient materials, yet examples of fully printed bioelectronic devices are scarce. This study introduces a fully digital 3D printing approach enabling the prototyping and customization of soft bioelectronics made of transient materials. The direct ink writing of poly(octamethylene maleate (anhydride) citrate) (POMaC) as an elastomeric matrix and of a shellac-carbon ink as a conductor is investigated. Precise and repeatable deposition of both structural and conductive features is achieved by optimizing printing parameters, i.e., the dispense gap, printing speed, and inlet pressure. Multi-material 3D printing enables the fabrication of functional transient devices. Notably, pressure and strain sensors are shown to operate in ranges relevant to implanted biomechanical monitoring. 3D-printed transient electrodes are demonstrated to be comparable to state-of-the-art devices in terms of impedance behavior. Finally, physical degradation of the materials is confirmed at physiological conditions. These fully digital additive manufacturing processes enable the monolithic fabrication of customizable transient bioelectronics with adaptable functions and geometries.	2024-01-01	Advanced Electronic Materials
10.1016/j.matdes.2006.09.006	An analytical and experimental investigation on the normal grain growth in metals using the Monte Carlo method	The prediction of material microstructure is of great interest to the material designers since the property and performance of materials depend strongly on their microstructures. In this work, a Monte Carlo approach is used to investigate the normal grain growth of aluminum and pure copper. The grain growth was calculated at certain temperatures using the grain growth law and compared with the simulation results by varying the Q as a parameter of simulation lattice orientation for pure aluminum. Also the results predicted by the Monte Carlo method showed a good agreement with the experimental results of grain growth of pure cooper. It was found that increase in Q increases the accuracy of the predicted results and the Monte Carlo method can be used to assess both the grain growth mechanism as well as the grain rotation in the microstructure simulation. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2007-01-01	Materials & Design
10.1109/TAP.2012.2186244	The weighted averages algorithm revisited	The classic weighted averages (WA) algorithm for the evaluation of Sommerfeld-like integrals is reviewed and reappraised. As a result, a new version of the WA algorithm, called generalized WA, is introduced. The new version can be considered as a generalization of the well established Holder and Cesaro means, used to sum divergent series. Generalized WA exhibits a more compact formulation, devoid of iterative and recursive steps, and a wider range of applications. It is more robust, as it provides a unique formulation, valid for monotonic and oscillating functions. The implementation of the new version is easier and more economical in terms of basic operations. Preliminary numerical examples show that generalized WA also outperforms in terms of accuracy the classic WA algorithm, which is currently recognized as the most competitive algorithm to evaluate Sommerfeld integral tails.	2012-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation
10.1093/molbev/msab061	The Genomic Architecture of Adaptation to Larval Malnutrition Points to a Trade-off with Adult Starvation Resistance in Drosophila	Periods of nutrient shortage impose strong selection on animal populations. Experimental studies of genetic adaptation to nutrient shortage largely focus on resistance to acute starvation at adult stage; it is not clear how conclusions drawn from these studies extrapolate to other forms of nutritional stress. We studied the genomic signature of adaptation to chronic juvenile malnutrition in six populations of Drosophila melanogaster evolved for 150 generations on an extremely nutrient-poor larval diet. Comparison with control populations evolved on standard food revealed repeatable genomic differentiation between the two set of population, involving >3,000 candidate SNPs forming >100 independently evolving clusters. The candidate genomic regions were enriched in genes implicated in hormone, carbohydrate, and lipid metabolism, including some with known effects on fitness-related life-history traits. Rather than being close to fixation, a substantial fraction of candidate SNPs segregated at intermediate allele frequencies in all malnutrition-adapted populations. This, together with patterns of among-population variation in allele frequencies and estimates of Tajima's D, suggests that the poor diet results in balancing selection on some genomic regions. Our candidate genes for tolerance to larval malnutrition showed a high overlap with genes previously implicated in acute starvation resistance. However, adaptation to larval malnutrition in our study was associated with reduced tolerance to acute adult starvation. Thus, rather than reflecting synergy, the shared genomic architecture appears to mediate an evolutionary trade-off between tolerances to these two forms of nutritional stress.	2021-07-01	Molecular Biology And Evolution
10.3389/fmicb.2022.1035197	Catchment characteristics and seasonality control the composition of microbial assemblages exported from three outlet glaciers of the Greenland Ice Sheet	Glacial meltwater drains into proglacial rivers where it interacts with the surrounding landscape, collecting microbial cells as it travels downstream. Characterizing the composition of the resulting microbial assemblages in transport can inform us about intra-annual changes in meltwater flowpaths beneath the glacier as well as hydrological connectivity with proglacial areas. Here, we investigated how the structure of suspended microbial assemblages evolves over the course of a melt season for three proglacial catchments of the Greenland Ice Sheet (GrIS), reasoning that differences in glacier size and the proportion of glacierized versus non-glacierized catchment areas will influence both the identity and relative abundance of microbial taxa in transport. Streamwater samples were taken at the same time each day over a period of 3 weeks (summer 2018) to identify temporal patterns in microbial assemblages for three outlet glaciers of the GrIS, which differed in glacier size (smallest to largest; Russell, Leverett, and Isunnguata Sermia [IS]) and their glacierized: proglacial catchment area ratio (Leverett, 76; Isunnguata Sermia, 25; Russell, 2). DNA was extracted from samples, and 16S rRNA gene amplicons sequenced to characterize the structure of assemblages. We found that microbial diversity was significantly greater in Isunnguata Sermia and Russell Glacier rivers compared to Leverett Glacier, the latter of which having the smallest relative proglacial catchment area. Furthermore, the microbial diversity of the former two catchments continued to increase over monitored period, presumably due to increasing hydrologic connectivity with proglacial habitats. Meanwhile, diversity decreased over the monitored period in Leverett, which may have resulted from the evolution of an efficient subglacial drainage system. Linear discriminant analysis further revealed that bacteria characteristic to soils were disproportionately represented in the Isunnguata Sermia river, while putative methylotrophs were disproportionately abundant in Russell Glacier. Meanwhile, taxa typical for glacierized habitats (i.e., Rhodoferax and Polaromonas) dominated in the Leverett Glacier river. Our findings suggest that the proportion of deglaciated catchment area is more influential to suspended microbial assemblage structure than absolute glacier size, and improve our understanding of hydrological flowpaths, particulate entrainment, and transport.	2022-11-29	Frontiers In Microbiology
10.1063/1.5087246	Pushing the limit of Cs incorporation into FAPbBr3 perovskite to enhance solar cells performances	Cation compositional engineering has revealed a powerful design tool to manipulate the perovskite structural and optoelectronic characteristics with a tremendous impact on device performances. Tuning the bandgap by cation and anion compositional mixing, for instance, is paramount to target different optoelectronic segments, from light emitting applications to tandem solar cells. However, structural and photo instabilities, and phase segregation come along, imposing a severe control on the material composition and structure. Here we develop highly uniform alloy of mixed cation FA(1−x)CsxPbBr3 perovskite thin films pushing for the first time the Cs content up to 30%. In contrast to what has been reported so far, this composition leads to a high quality crystalline film, maintaining a single cubic phase arrangement. In addition, a remarkably high robustness against moisture and phase purity is observed. The experimental finding is also supported by density functional theory simulations, demonstrating at the atomistic level Cs segregation starting from Cs concentration around 37.5%. Beyond that, phase segregation happens, leading to formation of an unstable pure Cs-rich region. Low temperature photoluminescence (PL) measurements reveal that the addition of Cs eliminates the non-radiative channel into mid-gap traps, as evident by the lack of the broad emission band, often associated with recombination of self-trapped exciton, present for 0% Cs. This, in turn, reduces the non-radiative recombination losses which manifests as high performance solar cells. Indeed, when embodied in solar devices, Cs incorporation leads to enhanced device performances, with an open circuit voltage beyond 1.33 V.	2018-12-13	APL Materials
10.5194/amt-16-3515-2023	Stability assessment of organic sulfur and organosulfate compounds in filter samples for quantification by Fourier- transform infrared spectroscopy	Organic sulfur and sulfate compounds, which are tracers for sources and atmospheric processes, are not currently measured in national monitoring networks such as the Interagency Monitoring of Protected Visual Environments (IMPROVE). The goal of this paper is to begin to assess the stability of organic sulfur and sulfate-containing compounds on polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) filters and the suitability of Fourier-transform infrared (FT-IR) spectroscopy to measure these compounds. Stability assessment is needed because PTFE samples collected by IMPROVE are typically stored 6-9 months prior to analysis. For this study, two organosulfur compounds, methanesulfonic acid (MSA) and hydroxymethanesulfonate ion (HMS), and two organosulfate compounds, methyl sulfate (MS) and 2-methyltetrol sulfate (2-MTS), are collected individually on PTFE filters. Gravimetric mass measurements are used to assess mass stability over time. FT-IR spectra are evaluated to assess the capability of measuring the compound from PTFE filters by assessing the compound stability or chemical changes over time. Ion chromatography (IC) and inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectroscopy (ICP-OES) are used as additional tools to assess stability or chemical changes over time. MS has the highest potential to be measured by FT-IR in IMPROVE samples. For MS, a simple organosulfate, the mass changes are within measurement uncertainty and FT-IR spectra indicate no compositional change over a 4-month period, suggesting that MS can be measured using FT-IR. IC and ICP-OES support the conclusion that MS is stable on the filter. However, for 2-MTS, the other organosulfate measured in this study, spectral changes after a month on the filter suggest that it decomposes into other organosulfates or an inorganic sulfate. MSA in IMPROVE samples can be measured, but only as a lower bound, due to volatility off the filter as indicated by FT-IR and gravimetry. FT-IR and IC both show that MSA does not chemically change over the course of the study. Measurements by all methods indicate that HMS is unstable on the PTFE filter, and IC and FT-IR indicate that it likely converts to inorganic sulfate. Future work includes the evaluation of these compounds in an ambient aerosol sample matrix to determine any differences in stability, identifying interference that could limit quantification, and developing calibrations to measure the compounds or functional groups in ambient samples.	2023-07-21	Atmospheric Measurement Techniques
10.1086/705801	Are Foreigners Treated Equally under the Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights Agreement?	The Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights Agreement, administered by the World Trade Organization, ensures the smooth functioning of the international patent system. It promises among other things that local and foreign firms are treated in the same, nondiscriminatory manner. We test for whether the national treatment principle has been upheld in the five largest patent offices and document the existence of a systematic bias against foreign firms in patent examination decisions. We find that filing international patent applications under the Patent Cooperation Treaty can reduce some of the bias.	2019-11-01	Journal Of Law & Economics
10.1021/acs.nanolett.9b01913	Facile Production of Hexagonal Boron Nitride Nanoparticles by Cryogenic Exfoliation	Fluorescent nanoparticles with optically robust luminescence are imperative to applications in imaging and labeling. Here we demonstrate that hexagonal boron nitride (hBN) nanoparticles can be reliably produced using a scalable cryogenic exfoliation technique with sizes below 10 nm. The particles exhibit bright fluorescence generated by color centers that act as atomic-size quantum emitters. We analyze their optical properties, including emission wavelength, photon-statistics, and photodynamics, and show that they are suitable for far-field super-resolution fluorescence nanoscopy. Our results provide a foundation for exploration of hBN nanoparticles as candidates for bioimaging, labeling, as well as biomarkers that are suitable for quantum sensing.	2019-08-01	Nano Letters
10.1002/chem.201203712	Synthesis, characterisation and in vitro anticancer activity of hexanuclear thiolato-bridged arene ruthenium metallaprisms	Hexanuclear thiolato-bridged arene ruthenium metalla-prisms of the general formula [(p-cymene)6Ru6(SR)6(tpt)2]6+ (R=CH2Ph, CH2C6H4-p-tBu, CH2CH2Ph; tpt=2,4,6-tris(4-pyridyl)-1,3,5-triazine), obtained from the dinuclear precursors [(p-cymene)2Ru2(SR)2Cl2], AgCF3SO3 and tpt, have been isolated and fully characterised as triflate salts. The metalla-prisms are highly cytotoxic against human ovarian cancer cells, especially towards the cisplatin-resistant cell line A2780cisR (IC50 <0.25M).	2013-01-01	Chem. Eur. J
10.4007/annals.2017.186.2.2	Bilinear forms with Kloosterman sums and applications	We prove nontrivial bounds for general bilinear forms in hyper-Kloosterman sums when the sizes of both variables may be below the range controlled by Fourier-analytic methods (Polya-Vinogradov range). We then derive applications to the second moment of cusp forms twisted by characters modulo primes, and to the distribution in arithmetic progressions to large moduli of certain Eisenstein-Hecke coefficients on GL(3). Our main tools are new bounds for certain complete sums in three variables over finite fields, proved using methods from algebraic geometry, especially l-adic cohomology and the Riemann Hypothesis.	2017-01-01	Annals Of Mathematics
10.1088/0004-637X/701/1/L47	First Neutrino Point-Source Results From The 22 String Icecube Detector	We present new results of searches for neutrino point sources in the northern sky, using data recorded in 2007-2008 with 22 strings of the IceCube detector (approximately one-fourth of the planned total) and 275.7 days of live time. The final sample of 5114 neutrino candidate events agrees well with the expected background of atmospheric muon neutrinos and a small component of atmospheric muons. No evidence of a point source is found, with the most significant excess of events in the sky at 2.2 sigma after accounting for all trials. The average upper limit over the northern sky for point sources of muon-neutrinos with E-2 spectrum is E-2 Phi(v mu) < 1.4 x 10(-11) TeV cm(-2) s(-1), in the energy range from 3 TeV to 3 PeV, improving the previous best average upper limit by the AMANDA-II detector by a factor of 2.	2009-01-01	The Astrophysical Journal
10.1007/Jhep10(2016)032	In-medium P-wave quarkonium from the complex lattice QCD potential	We extend our lattice QCD potential based study [1] of the in-medium properties of heavy quark bound states to P-wave bottomonium and charmonium. Similar to the behavior found in the S-wave channel their spectra show a characteristic broadening, as well as mass shifts to lower energy with increasing temperature. In contrast to the S-wave states, finite angular momentum leads to the survival of spectral peaks even at temperatures, where the continuum threshold reaches below the bound state remnant mass. We elaborate on the ensuing challenges in de fining quarkonium dissolution and present estimates of melting temperatures for the spin averaged chi(b) and chi(c) states. As an application to heavy-ion collisions we further estimate the contribution of feed down to S-wave quarkonium through the P-wave states after freezeout.	2016-01-01	Journal Of High Energy Physics
10.1287/moor.2018.0982	An Improved Analysis of Local Search for Max-Sum Diversification	We present new techniques to analyze natural local search algorithms for several variants of the max-sum diversification problem which, in its most basic form, is as follows: given an n-point set X subset of R-d and an integer k, select k points in X so that the sum of all of their ((k)(2) ) Euclidean distances is maximized. This problem has recently received a lot of attention in the context of information retrieval and web search. We focus on distances of negative type, a class that includes Euclidean distances of unbounded dimension, as well as several other natural distances, including nonmetric ones. We prove that local search over these distances provides simple and fast polynomial-time approximation schemes (PTASs) for variants that are constrained by a matroid or even a matroid intersection, and asymptotically optimal O(1)-approximations when combining the sum-of-distances objective with a monotone submodular function.	2019-11-01	Mathematics Of Operations Research
10.3982/ECTA8160	Information Percolation with Equilibrium Search Dynamics	We solve for the equilibrium dynamics of Information sharing in a large population Each agent is endowed with signals regarding the likely outcome of a random variable of common concern Individuals choose the effort with which they search for others from whom they can gather additional information. When two agents meet, they share their information The Information gathered is further shared at subsequent meetings, and so on. Equilibria exist in which agents search maximally until they acquire sufficient information precision and then search minimally A tax whose proceeds are used to Subsidize the costs of search improves information sharing and can, in some cases, increase welfare on the other hand, endowing agents with public signals reduces Information sharing and can, in some cases, decrease welfare	2009-01-01	Econometrica
10.1134/S1063776120030164	Ultraviolet Photodissociation of Peptides: New Insight on the Mobile Proton Model	In this work, we study the mechanism of peptide photodissociation by ultraviolet irradiation at 193 nm wavelength and discuss the role of ionization proton in this process. We found that substituting the ionization proton for the alkali metal cations (sodium) in the peptide ions results in significant changes of the photodissociation spectra. The experimental data obtained in this work revealed that the photodissociation process can be described using the mobile proton model introduced earlier for peptide collision dissociation. The results can be used in proteomics research for optimization of mass spectrometer's parameters to increase the efficiency of peptide dissociation and in developing sequence-specific models for peptide fragmentation prediction.	2020-04-01	Journal Of Experimental And Theoretical Physics
10.1021/jacs.5b11625	Palladium-Catalyzed Enantioselective Domino Heck/Intermolecular C–H Bond Functionalization: Development and Application to the Synthesis of (+)-Esermethole	Intramolecular asymmetric carbopalladation of N-aryl acrylamides followed by intermolecular trapping of the resulting σ-C(sp3)−Pd complex by azoles afforded 3,3-disubstituted oxindoles in good yields with excellent enantioselectivities. Two C−C bonds were created with concurrent formation of an all-carbon quaternary stereocenter. Oxadiazole substituted oxindoles were subsequently converted to pyrroloindolines by an unprecedented reductive cyclization protocol. The utility of this chemistry was illustrated by an enantioselective synthesis of (+)-esermethole.	2015-01-01	Journal of the American Chemical Society
10.1149/1.1775951	Coherent microradiology directly observes a critical cathode-anode distance effect in localized electrochemical deposition	Localized electrochemical deposition (LECD) is an emerging technology for inexpensive and effective fabrication of high-aspect-ratio microstructure of diverse materials. Microradiology with coherent X-rays enabled study of this process in real-time. This led to the discovery of a fundamental role of the microelectrode-structure distance: for short distances the deposition rate increases dramatically but the product becomes porous. This role is explained qualitatively with the interplay between metal-ion diffusion and migration in the deposition process. (C) 2004 The Electrochemical Society.	2004-01-01	Electrochemical and Solid State Letters
10.1002/adbi.201900104	A Human Liver-on-a-Chip Platform for Modeling Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease	The liver possesses a unique microenvironment with a complex internal vascular system and cell-cell interactions. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common form of chronic liver disease, and although much effort has been dedicated to building models to target NAFLD, most in vitro systems rely on simple models failing to recapitulate complex liver functions. Here, an in vitro system is presented to study NAFLD (steatosis) by coculturing human hepatocellular carcinoma (HepG2) cells and umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) into spheroids. Analysis of colocalization of HepG2-HUVECs along with the level of steatosis reveals that the NAFLD pathogenesis could be better modeled when 20% of HUVECs are presented in HepG2 spheroids. Spheroids with fat supplements progressed to the steatosis stage on day 2, which could be maintained for more than a week without being harmful for cells. Transferring spheroids onto a chip system with an array of interconnected hexagonal microwells proves helpful for monitoring functionality through increased albumin secretions with HepG2-HUVEC interactions and elevated production of reactive oxygen species for steatotic spheroids. The reversibility of steatosis is demonstrated by simply stopping fat-based diet or by antisteatotic drug administration, the latter showing a faster return of intracellular lipid levels to the basal level.	2019-08-01	Advanced Biosystems
10.1371/journal.pone.0044144	Investigating Gaze of Children with ASD in Naturalistic Settings	Background: Visual behavior is known to be atypical in Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD). Monitor-based eye-tracking studies have measured several of these atypicalities in individuals with Autism. While atypical behaviors are known to be accentuated during natural interactions, few studies have been made on gaze behavior in natural interactions. In this study we focused on i) whether the findings done in laboratory settings are also visible in a naturalistic interaction; ii) whether new atypical elements appear when studying visual behavior across the whole field of view. Methodology/Principal Findings: Ten children with ASD and ten typically developing children participated in a dyadic interaction with an experimenter administering items from the Early Social Communication Scale (ESCS). The children wore a novel head-mounted eye-tracker, measuring gaze direction and presence of faces across the child's field of view. The analysis of gaze episodes to faces revealed that children with ASD looked significantly less and for shorter lapses of time at the experimenter. The analysis of gaze patterns across the child's field of view revealed that children with ASD looked downwards and made more extensive use of their lateral field of view when exploring the environment. Conclusions/Significance: The data gathered in naturalistic settings confirm findings previously obtained only in monitor-based studies. Moreover, the study allowed to observe a generalized strategy of lateral gaze in children with ASD when they were looking at the objects in their environment.	2012-01-01	Plos One
10.1016/j.advwatres.2013.04.005	Modelling of groundwater-vegetation interactions in a tidal marsh	Wetting and drying due to tidal fluctuations affect soil conditions and hence plant growth in tidal marshes. Here, a coupled one-dimensional model was developed to simulate interacting groundwater flow and plant growth in these wetlands. The simulation results revealed three characteristic zones of soil conditions for plant growth along a cross-creek section subjected to the combined influences of spring-neap tides and evapotranspiration: (1) a near-creek zone affected by semi-diurnal tides over the whole spring-neap cycle, where the soil is well aerated although the plant growth could be slightly limited by the local water content dropping periodically below the wilting point on the ebb tide; (2) a less well-drained zone where drainage occurs only during neap tides (for which the daily inundation is absent) and plant growth is aeration-limited; and (3) an interior zone where evapotranspiration determines the soil-water saturation. Plant growth dynamics, which depend on these soil conditions, lead to spatial biomass distributions that are consistent with the characteristic zonation. The simulations shed light on the feedback mechanism for groundwater-vegetation interactions in the marsh system. It was demonstrated that the growth of pioneer plants can improve the soil aeration condition as a result of transpiration. The strength of this feedback varies spatially in accordance with the three characteristic zones of soil-water saturation. However, the development of another species in the marsh system is likely to be more complicated than suggested by the “positive feedback” mechanism proposed previously, due to the influence of inter-species competition. The feedback effects are generally more complex, involving both plant growth enhancement and inhibition depending on the combined influence of the intra- and inter-species competition, the ecosystem’s carrying capacity and plant transpiration. These findings demonstrate the interplay of ecological and hydrological processes in tidal marshes, and provide guidance for future research, including field investigations that aim to establish the principle relationship between marsh morphology and plant zonation.	2013-01-01	Advances in Water Resources
10.1186/1743-0003-9-51	Design and evaluation of a new mechatronic platform for assessment and prevention of fall risks	Background: Studying the responses in human behaviour to external perturbations during daily motor tasks is of key importance for understanding mechanisms of balance control and for investigating the functional response of targeted subjects. Experimental platforms as far developed entail a low number of perturbations and, only in few cases, have been designed to measure variables used at run time to trigger events during a certain motor task. Methods: This work introduces a new mechatronic device, named SENLY, that provides balance perturbations while subjects carry out daily motor tasks (e.g., walking, upright stance). SENLY mainly consists of two independently-controlled treadmills that destabilize balance by suddenly perturbing belts movements in the horizontal plane. It is also provided with force sensors, which can be used at run time to estimate the ground reaction forces and identify events along the gait cycle in order to trigger the platform perturbation. The paper also describes the customized procedures adopted to calibrate the platform and the first testing trials aimed at evaluating its performance. Results: SENLY allows to measure both vertical ground reaction forces and their related location more precisely and more accurately than other platforms of the same size. Moreover, the platform kinematic and kinetic performance meets all required specifications, with a negligible influence of the instrumental noise. Conclusion: A new perturbing platform able to reproduce different slipping paradigms while measuring GRFs at run time in order to enable the asynchronous triggering during the gait cycle was designed and developed. Calibration procedures and pilot tests show that SENLY allows to suitably estimate dynamical features of the load and to standardize experimental sessions, improving the efficacy of functional analysis.	2012-01-01	Journal of NeuroEngineering and Rehabilitation
10.1007/BF00357336	Conductivity measurements of various yttria-stabilized zirconia samples	Samples of yttria-stabilized zirconia manufactured by the following fabrication procedures, were obtained from commercial sources: (i) hot isostatic pressing; (ii) tape casting; (iii) vacuum plasma spraying, and (iv) calendering. The ionic conductivities of these samples were measured by (a) impedance spectroscopy; (b) the four-point probe method; (c) the current-interruption technique, and (d) the van der Pauw technique. The tape-cast and hot pressed samples showed good and very reproducible conductivity values. The vacuum plasma sprayed samples showed an anisotropy in their conductivity, with the cross-plane value being several times lower than the in-plane value. A simple model based on the porous microstructure of these samples can explain this observation. Sintering of the plasma sprayed samples minimized the anisotropy and significantly improved their conductivity values. The calendered samples also showed a similar anisotropy in their conductivity data when they were inadequately sintered.	1994-01-01	Journal of Materials Science
10.1103/PhysRevLett.132.102302	Fraction of χc Decays in Prompt J/ ψ Production Measured in pPb Collisions at √SNN=8.16 TeV	The fraction of chi(c1) and chi(c2) decays in the prompt J=psi yield, F-chi c -> J=psi = sigma(chi c) -> J=psi/ sigma(J/ psi) , is measured by the LHCb detector in pPb collisions at root s(NN) = 8.16 TeV. The study covers the forward (1.5 < y* < 4.0) and sNN backward (-5.0 < y* < -2.5) rapidity regions, where y* is the J=psi rapidity in the nucleon -nucleon centerof -mass system. Forward and backward rapidity samples correspond to integrated luminosities of 13.6 +/- 0.3 and 20.8 +/- 0.5 nb(-1) , respectively. The result is presented as a function of the J=psi transverse momentum pT;J/ psi in the range 1 < pT -> J/ psi < 20 GeV=c. The F-chi c -> J=psi fraction at forward rapidity is compatible with the LHCb measurement performed in pp collisions at root s= 7 TeV, whereas the result at s backward rapidity is 2.4 sigma larger than in the forward region for 1 < pT,(J/ psi) < 3 GeV/ c. The increase of F-chi c -> J/ psi at low pT;J/ psi at backward rapidity is compatible with the suppression of the psi(2S) contribution to the prompt J/ psi yield. The lack of in -medium dissociation of chi(c) states observed in this study sets an upper limit of 180 MeV on the free energy available in these pPb collisions to dissociate or inhibit charmonium state formation.	2023-03-08	Physical Review Letters
10.1021/acssensors.8b00523	Two-Dimensional Label-Free Affinity Analysis of Tumor-Specific CD8 T Cells with a Biomimetic Plasmonic Sensor	The screening and analysis of T cells functional avidity for specific tumor-associated antigens is crucial for the development of personalized immunotherapies against cancer. The affinity and kinetics of a T cell receptor (TCR) binding to the peptide-major histocompatibility complex (pMHC), expressed on tumor or antigen-presenting cells, have shown major implications in T cell activation and effector functions. We introduce an innovative methodology for the two-dimensional affinity analysis of TCR-pMHC in a label-free configuration by employing a multiparametric Surface Plasmon Resonance biosensor (MP-SPR) functionalized with artificial cell membranes. The biomimetic scaffold created with planar lipid bilayers is able to efficiently capture the specific and intact tumor-specific T cells and monitor the formation of the immunological synapse in situ. We have achieved excellent limits of detection for in-flow cell capturing, up to 2 magnitude below the current state-of-the-art for plasmonic sensing. We demonstrate the accuracy and selectivity of our sensor for the analysis of CD8(+) T cells bioengineered with TCR of incremental affinities specific for the HLA-A0201/NY-ESO-I157-165 pMHC complex. The study confirmed the significance of providing a biomimetic microenvironment, compared to the traditional molecular analysis, and showed fine agreement with previous results employing flow cytometry. Our methodology is reliable and versatile; thus, it can be applied to more sophisticated photonic and nanoplasmonic technologies for the screening of multiple cell types and boost the development of novel treatments for cancer.	2018-11-01	Acs Sensors
10.1016/j.expneurol.2014.11.013	Perineuronal net digestion with chondroitinase restores memory in mice with tau pathology	Alzheimer's disease is the most prevalent tauopathy and cause of dementia. We investigate the hypothesis that reactivation of plasticity can restore function in the presence of neuronal damage resulting from tauopathy. We investigated two models with tau hyperphosphorylation, aggregation and neurodegeneration: a transgenic mouse model in which the mutant P301S tau is expressed in neurons (Tg P301S), and a model in which an adeno-associated virus expressing P301S tau (AAV-P301S) was injected in the perirhinal cortex, a region critical for object recognition (OR) memory. Both models show profound loss of OR memory despite only 15% neuronal loss in the Tg P301S and 26% in AAV-P301S-injected mice. Recordings from perirhinal cortex slices of 3month-old P301S transgenic mice showed a diminution in synaptic transmission following temporal stimulation. Chondroitinase ABC (ChABC) can reactivate plasticity and affect memory through actions on perineuronal nets. ChABC was injected into the perirhinal cortex and animals were tested for OR memory 1week later, demonstrating restoration of OR memory to normal levels. Synaptic transmission indicated by fEPSP amplitude was restored to control levels following ChABC treatment. ChABC did not affect the progression of neurodegenerative tauopathy. These findings suggest that increasing plasticity by manipulation of perineuronal nets offers a novel therapeutic approach to the treatment of memory loss in neurodegenerative disorders.	2015-01-01	Experimental neurology
10.1016/j.elspec.2014.08.006	Femtosecond photoelectron and photoion spectrometer with vacuum ultraviolet probe pulses	We describe a femtosecond photoelectron and photoion spectroscopy setup using a simple, novel way to produce a vacuum ultraviolet (VUV) probe pulse. We isolate the femtosecond VUV pulse from a high harmonic continuum by using the bandpass characteristics of a thin indium (In) metal filter. The filter transmits the 9th harmonic of the 800 nm laser corresponding to a wavelength of 89 nm (h nu = 14 eV). The 9th harmonic is obtained with high conversion efficiencies and has sufficient photon energy to access the complete set of valence electron levels in most molecules. Compared to using grating monochromators, the filter strategy does not change the length of VUV pulse. The setup also allows for direct comparison of VUV single-photon probe with 800 nm multi-photon probe without influencing the delay of excitation and probe pulse or the beam geometry. We use a magnetic bottle spectrometer with high collection efficiency for electrons, serving at the same time as a time of flight spectrometer for ions. Characterization measurements on Xe reveal the spectral width of the 9th harmonic to be 190 60 meV and a photon flux of similar to 1 x 10(7) photons/pulse after spectral filtering. As a first application, we investigate the S-1 excitation of perylene using time-resolved ion spectra obtained with multiphoton probing and time-resolved electron spectra from VUV single-photon probing. The time resolution extracted from cross-correlation measurements is 65 +/- 10 fs for both probing schemes and the pulse duration of the 9th harmonic is found to be 35 8 fs. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2014-01-01	Journal Of Electron Spectroscopy And Related Phenomena
10.1021/om050849u	Synthesis of Imidazolium-Tethered Ruthenium(II)-Arene Complexes and Their Application in Biphasic Catalysis	Reaction of RuCl3 with 1-[2-(1,4-cyclohexadiene-1-yl)alkyl]-3-methylimidazolium chloride (alkyl = Et, butyl) and 1-[2-(1,4-cyclohexadiene-1-yl)ethyl]-2,3-dimethylimidazolium chloride affords a series of dimeric ruthenium complexes of the type [RuCl2(η6-arene)]2Cl2. Treatment of these dimeric salts with phosphine ligands leads to the highly water-sol. monomeric complexes [RuCl2PR3(η6-arene)]Cl (PR3 = PPh3, PCy3). Reaction of [RuCl2(η6-1-(2-benzylethyl)-3-butylimidazolium)]Cl with Ag2O gives rise to a η6-arene-carbene chelate complex. The phosphine complexes have been tested as catalysts in the hydrogenation of styrene immobilized in water or an ionic liq. and in the aq. redn. of CO2/CO32-. A carbonate-hydride complex has been identified as intermediate by high-pressure NMR measurements. The solid-state structures of several of the new imidazolium-functionalized arene complexes including the arene-carbene chelate complex are reported.	2006-01-01	Organometallics
10.1111/mec.16163	Microbes support enhanced nitrogen requirements of coral holobionts in a high CO 2 environment	Ocean acidification is posing a threat to calcifying organisms due to the increased energy requirements of calcification under high CO2 conditions. The ability of scleractinian corals to cope with future ocean conditions will thus depend on their ability to fulfil their carbon requirement. However, the primary productivity of coral holobionts is limited by low nitrogen (N) availability in coral reef waters. Here, we employed CO2 seeps of Tutum Bay (Papua New Guinea) as a natural laboratory to understand how coral holobionts offset their increased energy requirements under high CO2 conditions. Our results demonstrate for the first time that under high pCO2 conditions, N assimilation pathways of Pocillopora damicornis are jointly modified. We found that diazotroph-derived N assimilation rates in the Symbiodiniaceae were significantly higher in comparison to an ambient CO2 control site, concomitant with a restructured diazotroph community and the specific prevalence of an alpha-proteobacterium. Further, corals at the high CO2 site also had increased feeding rates on picoplankton and in particular exhibited selective feeding on Synechococcus sp., known to be rich in N. Given the high abundance of picoplankton in oligotrophic waters at large, our results suggest that corals exhibiting flexible diazotrophic communities and capable of exploiting N-rich picoplankton sources to offset their increased N requirements may be able to cope better in a high pCO2 world.	2021-09-02	Molecular Ecology
10.14359/16925	Effect of Duct Type on the Shear Strength of Thin Webs	A series of 16 specimens of concrete web panels 23.6 x 23.6 x 4.9 in. (600 x 600 x 125 mm) was tested in compression to investigate the effect of the presence of various types of post-tensioning ducts on the strength of the shear-induced compression struts. Most panels were cast in the laboratory, but some were extracted from an actual bridge girder, which had been previously loaded, allowing investigation of the effect of web cracking on the ultimate strength. The presence of a duct in a web, whether injected or not, decreases the compressive strength of the panel. This effect is most pronounced for non-injected ducts, but is also much larger for injected plastic ducts than for injected steel ducts. The effect of web cracking further decreases the strength of web panels containing post-tensioning ducts, and this effect can be estimated using classical strength reduction formulas.	2006-01-01	ACI Structural Journal
10.1103/PhysRevLett.97.218101	Optical measurement of cell membrane tension	Using a novel noncontact technique based on optical interferometry, we quantify the nanoscale thermal fluctuations of red blood cells (RBCs) and giant unilamellar vesicles (GUVs). The measurements reveal a nonvanishing tension coefficient for RBCs, which increases as cells transition from a discocytic shape to a spherical shape. The tension coefficient measured for GUVs is, however, a factor of 4-24 smaller. By contrast, the bending moduli for cells and vesicles have similar values. This is consistent with the cytoskeleton confinement model, in which the cytoskeleton inhibits membrane fluctuations [Gov et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 90, 228101, (2003).	2006-01-01	Physical Review Letters
10.1039/b602392d	Encapsulation of labile trivalent lanthanides into a homobimetallic chromium(III)-containing triple-stranded helicate. Synthesis, characterization, and divergent intramolecular energy transfers	The segmental bidentate–tridentate–bidentate ligand L2 reacts with MII (M = Cr, Zn) and LnIII (Ln = La, Eu, Gd, Tb, Lu) to give the heterotrimetallic triple-stranded helicates [MLnM(L2)3]7+. For M = ZnII, the isolated complexes [ZnLnZn(L2)3](CF3SO3)7 (Ln = Eu, Tb) display only lanthanide-centred luminescence arising from the pseudo-tricapped trigonal prismatic LnN9 coordination site. For M = CrII, rapid air oxidation provides CrIII and leads to the isolation of inert [CrLnCr(L2)3](CF3SO3)9 (Ln = Eu, Tb) complexes, in which divergent intramolecular Ln Cr energy transfers can be evidenced. Taking [ZnEuZn(L2)3]7+ as a luminescent standard for Eu-centred emission, a quantitative treatment of the energy migration processes indicates that the rate constant characterizing the Eu Cr energy transfer is more efficient in the trimetallic system, than in the analogous simple bimetallic edifice. Particular attention is focused on potential control of directional energy transfer processes in Cr–Ln pairs.	2006-01-01	Dalton Transactions
10.1021/acsapm.1c00969	Stiff, Strong, Tough, and Highly Stretchable Hydrogels Based on Dual Stimuli-Responsive Semicrystalline Poly(urethane–urea) Copolymers	There has been a considerable interest in developing stiff, strong, tough, and highly stretchable hydrogels in various fields of science and technology including biomedical and sensing applications. However, simultaneous optimization of stiffness, strength, toughness, and extensibility is a challenge for any material, and hydrogels are well-known to be mechanically weak materials. Here, we demonstrate that poly(ethylene oxide)-based dual stimuli-responsive semicrystalline poly(urethane–urea) (PU) copolymers with high hard segment contents (30 and 40%) can be utilized as stiff, strong, tough, and highly stretchable hydrogels with an elastic modulus (4–10 MPa) tens to hundreds of times higher than that of conventional hydrogels (0.01–0.1 MPa), strength (7–13 MPa) and toughness (53–74 MJ·m–3) fairly comparable to those of the toughest hydrogels reported in the literature, and stretchability beyond 10 times their initial length (1000–1250%). In addition, the shape-memory program has been used to tune the room temperature stiffness and strength of the studied PU copolymers. Finally, the materials show fast shape recovery (less than 10 s) during both heat- and water-activated shape memory cycles, which can be adjusted by a simple modulation of the hard segment content and/or soft segment molecular weight. Our findings may be of interest in emerging biomedical and sensing applications.	2021-10-08	ACS Applied Polymer Materials
10.1063/1.361481	Influence of nitrogen profile an electrical characteristics of furnace- or rapid thermally nitrided silicon dioxide films	Thin silicon dioxide films nitrided in N2O by rapid thermal processing (RTP) or in a classical furnace were investigated by x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, secondary ion mass spectroscopy, and electrical measurements on metal-oxide-semiconductor capacitors. Differences between the two nitridation processes were observed and explained. In lightly nitrided films, nitrogen occupies two configurations. Nitrogen is bound to three silicon atoms with at least one in the substrate or all three in the oxide. In RTP-nitrided films, both of these species are confined to within 1.5 nm of the Si/SiO2 interface. In furnace-nitrided films, the first species is also located close to the interface whereas the second one fills most of the regrown oxide thickness. In furnace-grown films, which are more heavily nitrided, a third structure due to Si-2=N-O is observed throughout the layer. The electrical characteristics are well correlated with the amount of nitrogen at the interface that is bound to Si atoms in the substrate. (C) 1996 American Institute of Physics.	1996-01-01	Journal of Applied Physics
10.1016/j.geomphys.2014.07.012	L-2-cohomology and complete Hamiltonian manifolds	A classical theorem of Frankel for compact Kahler manifolds states that a Kahler S-1-action is Hamiltonian if and only if it has fixed points. We prove a metatheorem which says that when the Hodge theory holds on non-compact manifolds, Frankel's theorem still holds. Finally, we present several concrete situations in which the assumptions of the metatheorem hold. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2015-01-01	Journal Of Geometry And Physics
10.1039/c8ta07368f	Hydrothermally processed CuCrO2 nanoparticles as an inorganic hole transporting material for low-cost perovskite solar cells with superior stability	Despite the impressive photovoltaic performances of perovskite solar cells (PSCs) with a power conversion efficiency (PCE) beyond 22%, intensive studies are still required to overcome ongoing issues such as cost, stability, and hysteresis. Here, for the first time, we report a cesium-containing triple-cation mixed-halide perovskite solar cell (n-i-p structure) by using hydrothermally synthesized inorganic CuCrO2 (CCO) delafossite nanoparticles as a hole transporting material (HTM). After optimization of the concentration, a fully homogeneous and completely covered CCO layer that facilitates fast carrier extraction and collection was obtained on the surface of the perovskite. Our CCO-based cells achieved the best PCE of 16.7% (average 16.04 +/- 0.40) with negligible hysteresis. More importantly, it was found that our cells showed a significant improvement in stability in ambient air compared with Spiro-OMeTAD HTM-based cells. After 60 days of storage in air without encapsulation, PCE remained at similar to 83% of the initial value with the CCO-based cells, whereas it decreased to similar to 24% of the initial value with devices based on the Spiro-OMeTAD HTM. Furthermore, cost estimation results indicated that the current prospect of CCO has an affordable cost/device ratio (similar to 180-fold cheaper than Spiro-OMeTAD). This work not only reveals the importance of air-stable inorganic HTMs, but also provides a low-cost HTM for highly efficient and stable PSCs.	2018-11-07	Journal Of Materials Chemistry A
10.1016/j.celrep.2017.05.051	Enhanced Rate of Acquisition of Point Mutations in Mouse Intestinal Adenomas Compared to Normal Tissue	The most prevalent single-nucleotide substitution (SNS) found in cancers is a C-to-T substitution in the CpG motif. It has been proposed that many of these SNSs arise during organismal aging, prior to transformation of a normal cell into a precancerous/cancer cell. Here, we isolated single intestinal crypts derived from normal tissue or from adenomas of Apc(min/+) mice, expanded them minimally in vitro as organoids, and performed exome sequencing to identify point mutations that had been acquired in vivo at the single-cell level. SNSs, most of them being CpG-to-TpG substitutions, were at least ten times more frequent in adenoma than normal cells. Thus, contrary to the view that substitutions of this type are present due to normal-cell aging, the acquisition of point mutations increases upon transformation of a normal intestinal cell into a precancerous cell.	2017-01-01	Cell Reports
10.1016/j.neuro.2020.06.006	MRI-based brain volumetry and retinal optical coherence tomography as the biomarkers of outcome in acute methanol poisoning	Background: Basal ganglia lesions are typical findings on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain in survivors of acute methanol poisoning. However, no data are available on the association between the magnitude of damaged brain regions, serum concentrations of markers of acute methanol toxicity, oxidative stress, neuroinflammation, and the rate of retinal nerve ganglion cell loss.	2020-09-01	Neurotoxicology
10.1063/1.1355317	Steady-state fully noninductive operation with electron cyclotron current drive and current profile control in the tokamak a configuration variable (TCV)	Fully noninductive, steady-state electron cyclotron current drive (ECCD) has been demonstrated for the first time in experiments carried out in the tokamak a configuration variable (TCV) [O. Sauter , Phys. Rev. Lett. 84, 3322 (2000)]. By appropriately distributing six 0.45 MW ECCD sources over the discharge cross section, fully noninductive, stable, and stationary plasmas with I-p up to 210 kA were obtained for the full discharge duration of 1.9 s, corresponding to more than 900 energy confinement times and more than 10 current redistribution times at an average current drive efficiency eta (20CD)=0.01[10(20) A W-1 m(-2)]. These experiments have also demonstrated for the first time the steady recharging of the ohmic transformer using ECCD only. The effect of localized off-axis electron cyclotron heating (ECH) and EC current drive (ECCD) (co- and counter-) is investigated showing that locally driven currents amounting to only 1% of I-p significantly alter sawtooth periods and crash amplitudes. An improved quasi-stationary core confinement regime, with little or no sawtooth activity, has been obtained by a combination of off-axis ECH and on-axis CNTR-ECCD. (C) 2001 American Institute of Physics.	2001-01-01	Physics of Plasmas
10.1038/s41565-018-0304-y	Strategic advantages of reactive polyiodide melts for scalable perovskite photovoltaics	Despite tremendous progress in efficiency and stability, perovskite solar cells are still facing the challenge of upscaling. Here we present unique advantages of reactive polyiodide melts for solvent- and adduct-free reactionary fabrication of perovskite films exhibiting excellent quality over large areas. Our method employs a nanoscale layer of metallic Pb coated with stoichiometric amounts of CH3NH3I (MAI) or mixed CsI/MAI/NH2CHNH2I (FAI), subsequently exposed to iodine vapour. The instantly formed MAI(3(L)) or Cs(MA,FA)I-3(L) polyiodide liquid converts the Pb layer into a pure perovskite film without byproducts or unreacted components at nearly room temperature. We demonstrate highly uniform and relatively large area MAPbI(3) perovskite films, such as 100 cm(2) on glass/fluorine-doped tin oxide (FTO) and 600 cm(2) on flexible polyethylene terephthalate (PET)/indium tin oxide (ITO) substrates. As a proof-of-concept, we demonstrate solar cells with reverse scan power conversion efficiencies of 16.12% (planar MAPbI(3)), 17.18% (mesoscopic MAPbI(3)) and 16.89% (planar Cs(0.05)MA(0.2)FA(0.75)PbI(3)) in the standard FTO/c(m)-TiO2/perovskite/spiro-OMeTAD/Au architecture.	2019-01-01	Nature Nanotechnology
10.1109/LRA.2023.3287365	Real-Time Localization for Closed-Loop Control of Assistive Furniture	For people with limited mobility, navigating in cluttered indoor environment is challenging. In this work, we propose a mobile assistive furniture suite that is designed to ease the life of people with special needs in indoor movement. To enable intelligent coordination of this system, a key component is the localization of each mobile furniture. The challenge is to assess the state of an arbitrary living scenario so that the estimation can be used as a real-time feedback signal for autonomous closed-loop control of mobile furniture. We propose a perception pipeline that addresses these challenges. A machine learning model is designed and trained to jointly achieve multi-object semantic keypoint detection and classification in camera images. The synthetic data generation is employed to augment the training set and boost the model performance. A robust point cloud registration uses the detected semantic keypoints and depth information to estimate poses of the furniture. Tracking is applied to achieve smooth estimation. A high-performance accelerator that optimizes the efficiency of using heterogeneous devices is applied to achieve real-time performance. This visual perception pipeline is used in closed-loop control to steer the mobile furniture from initial to a desired location demonstrated in experiments on real hardware.	2023-08-01	Ieee Robotics And Automation Letters
10.1007/JHEP04(2021)191	Search for the dark photon in B-0 -> A ' A ', A ' -> e(+)e(-), mu(+)mu(-), and pi(+)pi(-) decays at Belle	We present a search for the dark photon A in the B-0 -> A ' A ' decays, where A ' subsequently decays to e(+)e(-), mu (+)mu (-), and pi (+)pi (-). The search is performed by analyzing 772 x 10(6)BB<overbar></mml:mover> events collected by the Belle detector at the KEKB e(+)e(-) energy-asymmetric collider at the Upsilon (4S) resonance. No signal is found in the dark photon mass range 0.01 GeV/c(2) <= m(A ') <= 2.62 GeV/c(2), and we set upper limits of the branching fraction of B-0 -> A ' A ' at the 90% confidence level. The products of branching fractions, B<mml:mfenced close=")" open="(">B0 -> A ' A '</mml:mfenced>xB<mml:mfenced close=")" open="(">A ' -> e+e-</mml:mfenced>2 and B<mml:mfenced close=")" open="(">B0 -> A ' A '</mml:mfenced>xB<mml:mfenced close=")" open="(">A ' -> mu+mu-</mml:mfenced>2, have limits of the order of 10(-8) depending on the A ' mass. Furthermore, considering A ' decay rate to each pair of charged particles, the upper limits of B<mml:mfenced close=")" open="(">B0 -> A ' A '</mml:mfenced> are of the order of 10(-8)-10(-5). From the upper limits of B<mml:mfenced close=")" open="(">B0 -> A ' A '</mml:mfenced>, we obtain the Higgs portal coupling for each assumed dark photon and dark Higgs mass. The Higgs portal couplings are of the order of 10(-2)-10(-1) at mh ' similar or equal to mB0 +/- 40 MeV/c(2) and 10(-1)-1 at mh ' <mml:mo>similar or equal to mB0 +/- 3 GeV/c(2).<fig id="Figa" position="anchor"><graphic position="anchor" specific-use="HTML" mime-subtype="JPEG" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xlink:href="MediaObjects/13130_2021_15453_Figa_HTML.jpg" id="MO1"></graphic	2021-04-20	Journal Of High Energy Physics
10.1109/Jsen.2014.2361530	Design and Implementation of a 46-kS/s CMOS SC Dual-Mode Capacitive Sensor Interface With 50-dB SNR and 0.7% Nonlinearity	This paper presents the design and implementation of a 46-kS/s CMOS switch-capacitor dual-mode capacitive sensor interface circuit for inkjet-printed capacitive humidity sensors. The specifications of the interface circuit, which includes a capacitance-to-voltage (C2V) converter combined with an analog-to-digital converter (ADC), are optimized at system level, emphasizing the C2V operation followed by the data converter. A closed form of the maximum output range of a single-stage C2V is provided to prevent cascade amplification. The gain-boosting technique is utilized in the operational transconductance amplifier design to improve the closed-loop linearity. The correlated double sampling technique attenuates the dc offset and low-frequency flicker noise from C2V. A 10-b successive approximation register ADC digitizes the output of C2V. The total area of the digital-to-analog (DAC) array is limited not only by the matching behavior, but also by the noise performance of C2V. The rail-to-rail ability is required to render the compatibility with various possible sensor inputs. A single-ended cascaded binary-weighted capacitive DAC is used to implement the charge redistribution binary search algorithm. The circuit is implemented in a 0.18- mu m CMOS technology and occupies an area of 1.2 mm(2). The tested prototype shows 0.69% nonlinearity in mode 1 and 1.38% nonlinearity in mode 2. The SNR of mode 1 is 50.1 dB and that of mode 2 is 36.5 dB, which meets the specification of 7.32 b in mode 1 and 5.32 b in mode 2. The total power consumption of the capacitive sensor interface is 70 mu W.	2015-01-01	Ieee Sensors Journal
10.1103/PhysRevB.74.014519	Three-dimensional dispersion induced by extreme tensile strain in La_(2−x)Sr_xCuO_4 films	The electronic band structure probed by angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy on thin epitaxial La_(2−x)Sr_(x)CuO_(4) films under extreme tensile strain shows anomalous features compatible with c-axis dispersion. This result is in striking contrast with the usual quasi-two-dimensional (2D) dispersion observed up to now in most superconducting cuprates, including relaxed and compressively strained La_(2−x)Sr_(x)CuO_(4) films grown under the same conditions. The data were analyzed using a 3D tight-binding dispersion for a body-centeredtetragonal lattice. We relate the enhancement of the c-axis dispersion to the significant displacement of the apical oxygen induced by epitaxial strain.	2006-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1364/OE.16.001007	Surface polaritons of small coated cylinders illuminated by normal incident TM and TE plane waves	The surface polariton properties of TM or TE plane wave scattered by a coated cylinder are investigated in this paper. The coated cylinder (whose outer radius is much smaller than the wavelength) is assumed to be electrically small and low dissipative. Analytical formulas of the plasmonic resonances are derived and found to agree well with those obtained from exact expressions in the classical scattering theory. The behaviors of the scattering coefficients at resonances are also discussed and compared for different cases. While a single cylinder has the resonance at the relative permittivity of epsilon(r) = -1 (or relative permeability of mu r = -1) for the TE (or TM) polarization, the resonances of the coated cylinders change with different n values (where n denotes the series term or mode of the field), and also the inner and outer radii. It is shown that the scattered field in the near zone can be enhanced significantly compared to the incident wave. For the TE incident case, we take a silver coated nano-cylinder as an example to illuminate the near-field optical effect. Also, we have studied the peak values of the nth order scattered field for different n values and electrical parameter k(0)b (where k(0) is the wavenumber of the free space and b denotes the outer radius of the cylinder) around the cylinder. The derived new formulas for total cross sections are given and they may provide us with some potential photonic applications such as surface cleaning and etching. (c) 2008 Optical Society of America.	2008-01-01	Optics Express
10.1111/fwb.13730	Regimes of primary production and their drivers in Alpine streams	1) Primary production is a fundamental ecosystem process that influences nutrient and carbon cycling, and trophic structure in streams. The magnitude and timing of gross primary production (GPP) are typically controlled by hydrology, light, nutrient availability and grazers. Estimates of GPP and its drivers in high-mountain streams remain elusive at present. 2) We estimated GPP in streams typical for high-mountain catchments, namely a glacier-fed, groundwater-fed (krenal) and a snowmelt-fed (nival) stream. Using high-resolution sensor data over 2 years in combination with numerical simulations of stream hydraulics, we studied the periods of GPP characteristic for these streams, as well as their major drivers. 3) Favourable windows for GPP were constrained to periods at the onset of the snowmelt and its recession, when photosynthetic active radiation at the streambed and streambed stability facilitated GPP. 4) During these windows of opportunity, GPP was higher in the nival stream (3.7 ± 3.4 g O2 m−2 day−1), followed by the glacier-fed (1.5 ± 1.6 g O2 m−2 day−1) and the krenal streams (0.6 ± 0.6 g O2 m−2 day−1). GPP was largely controlled by photosynthetic active radiation at the stream bottom, however, we were not able to establish an unequivocal relationship between flow-induced bed movement and GPP. 5) Our results highlight the capacity of primary producers to exploit the discrete and relatively predictable windows of opportunities in high-mountain streams. We propose that climate-driven change in snow and glacier melt reduction may ameliorate stream environmental conditions, thereby enhancing the potential autochthonous organic matter supply within the catchment.	2021-06-02	Freshwater Biology
10.1016/j.biomaterials.2018.10.031	Amphiphilic nanoparticle delivery enhances the anticancer efficacy of a TLR7 ligand via local immune activation	Although immunotherapy shows great promise for the long-term control of cancer, many tumors still fail to respond to treatment. To improve the outcome, the delivery of immunostimulants to the lymph nodes draining the tumor, where the antitumor immune response is initiated, is key. Efforts to use nanoparticles as carriers for cancer immunotherapy have generally required targeting agents and chemical modification of the drug, and have unfortunately resulted in low delivery and therapeutic efficiency. Here, we report on the efficacy of gold nanoparticles with approximately 5 nm hydrodynamic diameter coated with a mixture of 1-octanethiol and 11-mercaptoundecanesulfonic acid for the delivery of an immunostimulatory TLR7 ligand to tumor-draining lymph nodes. The drug was loaded without modification through nonspecific adsorption into the ligand shell of the nanoparticles, taking advantage of their amphiphilic nature. After loading, nanoparticles retained their stability in solution without significant premature release of the drug, and the drug cargo was immunologically active. Upon subcutaneous injection into tumor-bearing mice, the drug-loaded particles were rapidly transported to the tumor -draining lymph nodes. There, they induced a local immune activation and fostered a cytotoxic T-cell response that was specific for the tumor. Importantly, the particle-delivered TLR7 ligand blocked the growth of large established tumors and significantly prolonged survival compared to the free form of the drug. Thus, we demonstrate for the first time that nanoparticle delivery of a TLR7 immunostimulant to the tumor -draining lymph nodes enhances antitumor immunity and improves the outcome of cancer immunotherapy.	2019-01-01	Biomaterials
10.5465/amj.2022.0405	HOW FOUNDER HUMAN CAPITAL AND FOUNDING CONDITIONS SHAPE NEW FIRM PERFORMANCE: A STUDY OF NECESSITY ENTREPRENEURSHIP DURING TIMES OF ECONOMIC CRISIS	Economic crises have profound effects on societies, motivating many individuals to launch their own firms in order to make a living. Although these firms created "out of necessity" possess few resources besides their founder's human capital, the role that this critical endowment plays in establishing a successful firm during a crisis is unclear, as existing knowledge offers diverging predictions about the value of general and specific human capital. We argue that this debate remains unresolved because we lack a holistic understanding of how each human capital type influences performance when founding conditions vary, and aim to reconcile the contrasting claims by considering how "hard" a crisis hits a given industry. Analyzing data collected from 500 founders who created firms in Greece during the Great Recession, combined with data from the Greek Statistical Office, we find that general human capital provides the greatest benefits, on average, during a crisis; yet specific human capital is more valuable in both the most favorable and the most unfavorable industry contexts. These results reveal how the value of human capital in entrepreneurship is contingent on founding conditions, and call into question existing notions of what it means to be resilient in a crisis.	2024-04-01	Academy Of Management Journal
10.1016/j.cattod.2005.03.036	Supported Fe/C and Fe/Nafion/C catalysts for the photo-Fenton degradation of Orange II under solar irradiation	The physicochemical properties and photocatalytic behavior of Fe/C and Fe/Nafion/C fabrics have been investigated under laboratory conditions (small vial, artificial light) and in large-scale photo-reactors under sunlight to achieve low-cost decontamination of textile and agro-chemical industry effluent wastewater. Fe-ions deposited onto chemically treated C fabrics or encapsulated in Nation thin films cast directly onto the carbon fabrics are efficient in decomposing H2O2 used as an oxidant in the photo-assisted abatement of non-biodegradable azo-dyes used in textiles. The Orange II taken as a model pollutant quickly fades under solar irradiation even at an initial pH 6. This range of pH is not possible with the homogeneous photo-Fenton process. In contrast, the use of supported catalysts on C fabrics allows the costly pH adjustment to be avoided. This makes catalyst recovery and economical decontamination of wastewater containing non-biodegradable pollutants possible. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2005-01-01	Catalysis Today
10.1016/j.epsr.2022.109102	Current propagation type self-consistent leader-return stroke model	A current propagation type return stroke model which is consistent with the estimated distribution of the charge on the leader channel is described. The model takes into account the dispersion of the return stroke current along the return stroke channel. The model is capable of generating lightning return stroke electromagnetic fields that are in close agreement with experimental observations. The model could also be used to estimate the electric fields from the leader-return stroke combination at any given distance.	2023-01-01	Electric Power Systems Research
10.1016/j.indcrop.2023.117547	Cotton yarns decorated with hydrothermally reduced graphene oxide for flexible supercapacitors	Cotton fibers, a natural cellulose, have played a critical role in the development of wearable energy storage, owning to their wearability, integrability, eco-benignity, and cost effectiveness. Graphene, a two-dimensional carbon material, possesses excellent electrochemical properties that can be incorporated into cotton yarns to enhance their performance. However, the conventional chemical reduction processes use corrosive chemical reducing agents that limit their wide application. In the current study, a reduced graphene oxide (rGO)/cotton (RC) yarn supercapacitor was fabricated employing a facile and green hydrothermal approach without the use of any chemical reductants. The reduction efficiency of external GO nanoparticles and the morphology change of internal cotton fiber under different hydrothermal treatments are investigated to explore their effects on the energy storage performance of the resultant RC electrodes and supercapacitors. The RC yarn electrode can reach a capacitance of 13.31 mF cm-1 at of 0.1 mA cm-1. The assembled asymmetric supercapacitor exhibited a high specific capacitance of 2.99 mF cm-1 (9.54 mF cm-2, and 381.43 mF cm-3) at 0.02 mA cm-1 (0.06 mA cm-2 and 2.55 mA cm-3) with a high energy density of 0.42 mu Wh cm-1 (1.32 mu Wh cm-2 and 0.05 mWh cm-3) at a power density of 10 mu W cm-1 (31.84 mu W cm-2 and 1.27 mW cm-3). This work develops a green versatile strategy for fabricating RC supercapacitors, which may provide a new avenue for wearable energy storage devices.	2023-09-28	Industrial Crops And Products
10.1002/cphc.200800177	Time-dependent density functional theory molecular dynamics simulations of liquid water radiolysis	The early stages of the Coulomb explosion of a doubly ionized water molecule immersed in liquid water are investigated with time-dependent density functional theory molecular dynamics (TD-DFT MD) simulations. Our aim is to verify that the double ionization of one target water molecule leads to the formation of atomic oxygen as a direct consequence of the Coulomb explosion of the molecule. To that end, we used TD-DFT MD simulations in which effective molecular orbitals are propagated in time. These molecular orbitals are constructed as a unitary transformation of maximally localized Wannier orbitals, and the ionization process was obtained by removing two electrons from the molecular or-bitals with symmetry 1B(1), 3A(1), 1B(2), and 2A(1) in turn. We show that the doubly charged H2O2+ molecule explodes into its three atomic fragments in less than 4 fs, which leads to the formation of one isolated oxygen atom whatever the ionized molecular orbital. This process is followed by the ultrafast transfer of an electron to the ionized molecule in the first femtosecond. A foster dissociation pattern can be observed when the electrons are removed from the molecular orbitals of the innermost shell. A Bader analysis of the charges carried by the molecules during the dissociation trajectories is also reported.	2008-01-01	Chemphyschem
10.1002/hlca.200390269	The synthesis, characterisation, and reactivity of some polydentate phosphinoamine ligands with benzene-1,3-diyl and pyridine-2,6-diyl backbones	The polydentate phosphinoamines 1,3-{(Ph2P)(2)N}(2)C6H4 and 2,6-{(Ph2P)(2)N}(2)C5H3N have been prepared in a single step from the reaction of the amines 1,3-(NH2)(2)C6H4 or 2,6-(NH2)(2)C5H3N with Ph2PCl in presence of Et3N (1:4:4 molar ratio) in CH2Cl2. Reaction of 1,3-{(Ph2P)(2)N}(2)C6H4 or 2,6-{(Ph2P)(2)N}(2)C5H3N with elemental sulfur or selenium in CH2Cl2 affords the corresponding tetrasulfide or tetraselenide, respectively, in good yield. The complexes [1,3-{Mo(CO)(4)(Ph2P)(2)N}(2)(C6H4)] and [2,6-{Mo(CO)(4)(Ph2P)(2)N}(2)(C5H3N)] were prepared from the reaction reaction of these phosphinoamines with [Mo(CO)(4)(nbd)] (nbd = norbornadiene) in toluene, and the structure of the latter complex has been determined by single-crystal X-ray diffraction analysis.	2003-01-01	HELVETICA CHIMICA ACTA
10.4028/www.scientific.net/SSP.151.30	Mechanical properties of highly filled latex-based polystyrene/laponite nanocomposites	Nanocomposite films containing up to 50 wt. % laponite have been prepared from emulsion polymerized polystyrene (PS)/laponite latexes with the laponite attached to the PS particle surfaces. Below Tg, the observed stiffness increases are accounted for by classical models for mechanical reinforcement, but these severely underestimate the stiffness above Tg. An alternative model has therefore been proposed, in which the laponite and PS with reduced mobility form a cellular network, consistent with TEM observations. This cellular network is also argued to play an important role in the decrease in fracture resistance at high laponite contents, through decreases in matrix ductility and breakdown of the laponite stacks.	2009-01-01	Solid State Phenomena
10.1038/s41586-023-06968-8	Smoking changes adaptive immunity with persistent effects	Individuals differ widely in their immune responses, with age, sex and genetic factors having major roles in this inherent variability1–6. However, the variables that drive such differences in cytokine secretion—a crucial component of the host response to immune challenges—remain poorly defined. Here we investigated 136 variables and identified smoking, cytomegalovirus latent infection and body mass index as major contributors to variability in cytokine response, with effects of comparable magnitudes with age, sex and genetics. We find that smoking influences both innate and adaptive immune responses. Notably, its effect on innate responses is quickly lost after smoking cessation and is specifically associated with plasma levels of CEACAM6, whereas its effect on adaptive responses persists long after individuals quit smoking and is associated with epigenetic memory. This is supported by the association of the past smoking effect on cytokine responses with DNA methylation at specific signal trans-activators and regulators of metabolism. Our findings identify three novel variables associated with cytokine secretion variability and reveal roles for smoking in the short- and long-term regulation of immune responses. These results have potential clinical implications for the risk of developing infections, cancers or autoimmune diseases.	2024-02-22	Nature
10.14778/3529337.3529355	A Critical Re-evaluation of Neural Methods for Entity Alignment	Neural methods have become the de-facto choice for the vast majority of data analysis tasks, and entity alignment (EA) is no exception. Not surprisingly, more than 50 different neural EA methods have been published since 2017. However, surprisingly, an analysis of the differences between neural and non-neural EA methods has been lacking. We bridge this gap by performing an in-depth comparison among five carefully chosen representative state-of-the-art methods from the pre-neural and neural era. We unravel, and consequently mitigate, the inherent deficiencies in the experimental setup utilized for evaluating neural EA methods. To ensure fairness in evaluation, we homogenize the entity matching modules of neural and non-neural methods. Additionally, for the first time, we draw a parallel between EA and record linkage (RL) by empirically showcasing the ability of RL methods to perform EA. Our results indicate that Paris, the state-of-the-art non-neural method, statistically significantly outperforms all the representative state-of-the-art neural methods in terms of both efficacy and efficiency across a wide variety of dataset types and scenarios, and is second only to BERT-INT for a specific scenario of cross-lingual EA. Our findings shed light on the potential problems resulting from an impulsive application of neural methods as a panacea for all data analytics tasks. Overall, our work results in two overarching conclusions: (1) Paris should be used as a baseline in every follow-up work on EA, and (2) neural methods need to be positioned better to showcase their true potential, for which we provide multiple recommendations.	2022-04-01	Proceedings Of The Vldb Endowment
10.1021/ja2048368	Scan-Rate-Dependent Ion Current Rectification and Rectification Inversion in Charged Conical Nanopores	Herein we report a theoretical study of diode-like behavior of negatively charged (e.g., glass or silica) nanopores at different potential scan rates (1-1000 V center dot s(-1)). Finite element simulations were used to determine current-voltage characteristics of conical nanop ores at various electrolyte concentrations. This study demonstrates that significant changes in rectification behavior can be observed at high scan rates because the mass transport of ionic species appears sluggish on the time scale of the voltage scan. In particular, it explains the influence of the potential scan rate on the nanopore rectifying properties in the cases of classical rectification, rectification inversion, and the "transition" rectification domain where the rectification direction in the nanopore could be modulated according to the applied scan rate.	2011-01-01	Journal Of The American Chemical Society
10.1016/j.compgeo.2008.03.002	On the use of the generalised effective stress in the constitutive modelling of unsaturated soils	The definition of a consistent stress framework is an essential prerequisite to the constitutive modelling of unsaturated soils. It is proposed to clarify the effective stress lexicon commonly used for unsaturated soils, one of the purposes being to contribute to a more accurate definition and understanding of conventional Bishop's stress. The so-called generalised effective stress is formulated on the basis of previous studies and set within a complete constitutive context. A point by point comparison between Bishop's stress and generalised framework is led. The usual analogies between suction effects, cementation and hardening are also discussed. Suction is shown not to be a hardening variable but rather a shape parameter for the yield surface expressed in the matric suction versus mean effective stress plane. Some advantages of the generalised effective stress are finally reviewed, with a particular accent laid on the uniqueness of the yield limit and the built-in hydro-mechanical coupling.	2009-01-01	Computer and Geotechnics
10.1126/sciadv.adh9002	Activation mechanism of a short argonaute-TIR prokaryotic immune system	Short prokaryotic argonaute (pAgo) and toll/interleukin-1 receptor/resistance protein (TIR)-analog of PAZ (APAZ) form a heterodimeric SPARTA complex that provides immunity to its prokaryotic host through an abortive infection mechanism. Monomeric SPARTA senses foreign RNA/DNA duplexes to assemble an active tetramer resulting in cell death by nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (oxidized form) (NAD) depletion via an unknown mechanism. We report nine structures of SPARTA in different functional states at a resolution range of 4.2 to 2.9 angstroms, revealing its activation mechanism. Inactive SPARTA monomers bind to RNA/DNA duplexes to form symmetric dimers mediated by the association of Ago subunits. The initiation of tetramer assembly induces flexibility of the TIR domains enabling a symmetry-breaking rotational movement of a TIR domain in the dimer units which facilitates the TIR oligomerization, resulting in the formation of the substrate binding pocket and the activation of the SPARTA complex's NADase activity. Our findings provide detailed structural and mechanistic insights into activating a short argonaute defense system.	2023-07-01	Science Advances
10.2533/000942905777675633	Preparation of modified RNA sequences for biological research	Our group is working on the development of reliable access to biol. relevant, long, and modified RNA sequences. Here, we briefly present the chem. synthesis of such sequences with 2'-O-triisopropylsilyloxymethyl (= 2'-O-tom) protected ribonucleoside phosphoramidites, their template-directed enzymic ligation, and some examples of modified nucleotides, designed to promote structural and biol. studies. [on SciFinder (R)]	2005-01-01	Chimia
10.1016/j.ecoser.2023.101581	Understanding the sentiment associated with cultural ecosystem services using images and text from social media	Social media is increasingly being employed to develop Cultural Ecosystem Services (CES) indicators. The image-sharing platform Flickr has been one of the most popular sources of data. Most large-scale studies, however, tend to only use the number of images as a proxy for CES due to the challenges associated with processing large amounts of this data but this does not fully represent the benefit generated by ecosystems in terms of the positive experiences expressed by users in the associated text. To address this gap, we apply several Computer Vision (CV) and natural language processing (NLP) models to link CES estimates for Great Britain based on the content of images to sentiment measures using the accompanying text, and compare our results to a national, geo-referenced survey of recreational well-being in England. We find that the aesthetic quality of the landscape and the presence of particular wildlife results in more positive sentiment. However, we also find that different physical settings correlate with this sentiment and that sentiment is sometimes more strongly related to social activities than many natural factors. Still, we find significant associations between these CES measures, sentiment and survey data. Our findings illustrate that integrating sentiment analysis with CES measurement can capture some of the positive benefits associated with CES using social media. The additional detail provided by these novel techniques can help to develop more meaningful CES indicators for recreational land use management.	2024-01-01	Ecosystem Services
10.1002/nla.2339	Compress-and-restart block Krylov subspace methods for Sylvester matrix equations	Block Krylov subspace methods (KSMs) comprise building blocks in many state-of-the-art solvers for large-scale matrix equations as they arise, for example, from the discretization of partial differential equations. While extended and rational block Krylov subspace methods provide a major reduction in iteration counts over polynomial block KSMs, they also require reliable solvers for the coefficient matrices, and these solvers are often iterative methods themselves. It is not hard to devise scenarios in which the available memory, and consequently the dimension of the Krylov subspace, is limited. In such scenarios for linear systems and eigenvalue problems, restarting is a well-explored technique for mitigating memory constraints. In this work, such restarting techniques are applied to polynomial KSMs for matrix equations with a compression step to control the growing rank of the residual. An error analysis is also performed, leading to heuristics for dynamically adjusting the basis size in each restart cycle. A panel of numerical experiments demonstrates the effectiveness of the new method with respect to extended block KSMs.	2020-10-13	Numerical Linear Algebra With Applications
10.1002/cmdc.201500507	The Molecular Basis for Dual Fatty Acid Amide Hydrolase (FAAH)/Cyclooxygenase (COX) Inhibition	The design of multitarget-directed ligands is a promising strategy for discovering innovative drugs. Here, we report a mechanistic study that clarifies key aspects of the dual inhibition of the fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH) and the cyclooxygenase (COX) enzymes by a new multitarget-directed ligand named ARN2508 (2-[3-fluoro-4-[3-(hexylcarbamoyloxy)phenyl]phenyl]propanoic acid). This potent dual inhibitor combines, in a single scaffold, the pharmacophoric elements often needed to block FAAH and COX, that is, a carbamate moiety and the 2-arylpropionic acid functionality, respectively. Molecular modeling and molecular dynamics simulations suggest that ARN2508 uses a noncovalent mechanism of inhibition to block COXs, while inhibiting FAAH via the acetylation of the catalytic Ser241, in line with previous experimental evidence for covalent FAAH inhibition. This study proposes the molecular basis for the dual FAAH/COX inhibition by this novel hybrid scaffold, stimulating further experimental studies and offering new insights for the rational design of novel anti-inflammatory agents that simultaneously act on FAAH and COX.	2016-01-01	Chemmedchem
10.1021/ja012760v	Extending the Coordination Chemistry of Molecular P4S3: The Polymeric Ag(P4S3)+ and Ag(P4S3)2+ Cations	Upon reacting P4S3 with AgAl(hfip)4 and AgAl(pftb)4 [hfip = OC(H)(CF3)2; pftb = OC(CF3)3], the compds. Ag(P4S3)Al(hfip)4 (1) and Ag(P4S3)2+[Al(pftb)4]- (2) formed in CS2 or CS2/CH2Cl2 soln., resp. Compds. 1 and 2 were characterized by single-crystal x-ray structure detns., Raman and soln. NMR spectroscopy, and elemental analyses. One-dimensional chains of [Ag(P4S3)x]... (x = 1 (1); x = 2 (2)) formed in the solid state with P4S3 ligands that bridge through a 1,3-P,S, a 2,4-P,S, or a 3,4-P,P h1 coordination to the silver ions. Compd. 2 with the least basic anion contains the 1st homoleptic metal(P4S3) complex. Compds. 1 and 2 also include the long sought sulfur coordination of P4S3. Raman spectra of 1 and 2 were assigned from DFT calcns. of related species. The influence of the silver coordination on the geometry of the P4S3 cage is discussed, addnl. aided by DFT calcns. Consequences for the frequently obsd. degrdn. of the cage are suggested. An exptl. silver ion affinity scale based on the solid-state structures of several weak Lewis acid base adducts (L)AgAl(hfip)4 is given. The affinity of the ligand L to the silver ion increases according to P4 < CH2Cl2 < P4S3 < S8 < 1,2-C2H4Cl2 < toluene. [on SciFinder (R)]	2002-01-01	Journal of the American Chemical Society
10.1103/PhysRevD.105.L051104	Measurement of the photon polarization in Lambda(0)(b) -> Lambda gamma decays	The photon polarization in b -> s gamma transitions is measured for the first time in radiative b -baryon decays exploiting the unique spin structure of Lambda(0)(b)-> Lambda(gamma) decays. A data sample corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 6 fb(-1) collected by the LHCb experiment in pp collisions at a center-of-mass energy of 13 TeV is used. The photon polarization is measured to be alpha(gamma) = 0.82(-0.26-0.)(13)(+)(0.17+0.04), where the first uncertainty is statistical and the second systematic. This result is in agreement with the Standard Model prediction and previous measurements in b-meson decays. Charge-parity breaking effects are studied for the first time in this observable and found to be consistent with CP symmetry.	2022-03-23	Physical Review D
10.1371/journal.pone.0001059	Dysconnection Topography in Schizophrenia Revealed with State-Space Analysis of EEG	Background The dysconnection hypothesis has been proposed to account for pathophysiological mechanisms underlying schizophrenia. Widespread structural changes suggesting abnormal connectivity in schizophrenia have been imaged. A functional counterpart of the structural maps would be the EEG synchronization maps. However, due to the limits of currently used bivariate methods, functional correlates of dysconnection are limited to the isolated measurements of synchronization between preselected pairs of EEG signals. Methods/Results To reveal a whole-head synchronization topography in schizophrenia, we applied a new method of multivariate synchronization analysis called S-estimator to the resting dense-array (128 channels) EEG obtained from 14 patients and 14 controls. This method determines synchronization from the embedding dimension in a state-space domain based on the theoretical consequence of the cooperative behavior of simultaneous time series—the shrinking of the state-space embedding dimension. The S-estimator imaging revealed a specific synchronization landscape in schizophrenia patients. Its main features included bilaterally increased synchronization over temporal brain regions and decreased synchronization over the postcentral/parietal region neighboring the midline. The synchronization topography was stable over the course of several months and correlated with the severity of schizophrenia symptoms. In particular, direct correlations linked positive, negative, and general psychopathological symptoms to the hyper-synchronized temporal clusters over both hemispheres. Along with these correlations, general psychopathological symptoms inversely correlated within the hypo-synchronized postcentral midline region. While being similar to the structural maps of cortical changes in schizophrenia, the S-maps go beyond the topography limits, demonstrating a novel aspect of the abnormalities of functional cooperation: namely, regionally reduced or enhanced connectivity. Conclusion/Significance The new method of multivariate synchronization significantly boosts the potential of EEG as an imaging technique compatible with other imaging modalities. Its application to schizophrenia research shows that schizophrenia can be explained within the concept of neural dysconnection across and within large-scale brain networks.	2007-01-01	PLoS ONE
10.1039/b311210a	Cell immersion and cell dipping in microfluidic devices	Combining deflective dielectrophoretic barriers with controlled pressure driven liquid flows in microfluidic devices allows accurate handling of particles such as biological cells in suspensions. Working towards cell-based lab-on-a-chip applications, a platform permitting rapid testing of devices having different dielectrophoretic and fluidic subunits was developed. The performance of such a system is shown in the cases of (A) flooding a small number of immobilised cells with a dye and (B) transient buffer swapping of a large number of cells in flow. The transition times for moving cells from one reagent to the other are below 0.5 s in the case of flow-through cell dipping.	2004-01-01	LAB ON A CHIP
10.1093/mnras/staa2992	Testing the evolution of correlations between supermassive black holes and their host galaxies using eight strongly lensed quasars	One of the main challenges in using high-redshift active galactic nuclei (AGNs) to study the correlations between the mass of a supermassive black hole (M-BH) and the properties of its active host galaxy is instrumental resolution. Strong lensing magnification effectively increases instrumental resolution and thus helps to address this challenge. In this work, we study eight strongly lensed AGNs with deep Hubble Space Telescope imaging, using the lens modelling code LENSTRONOMY to reconstruct the image of the source. Using the reconstructed brightness of the host galaxy, we infer the host galaxy stellar mass based on stellar population models. M-BH are estimated from broad emission lines using standard methods. Our results are in good agreement with recent work based on non-lensed AGNs, demonstrating the potential of using strongly lensed AGNs to extend the study of the correlations to higher redshifts. At the moment, the sample size of lensed AGNs is small and thus they provide mostly a consistency check on systematic errors related to resolution for non-lensed AGNs. However, the number of known lensed AGNs is expected to increase dramatically in the next few years, through dedicated searches in ground- and space-based wide-field surveys, and they may become a key diagnostic of black holes and galaxy co-evolution.	2021-02-01	Monthly Notices Of The Royal Astronomical Society
10.1021/acsnano.3c12802	Searching for the Thinnest Metallic Wire	One-dimensional materials have gained much attention in the last decades: from carbon nanotubes to ultrathin nanowires to few-atom atomic chains, these can all display unique electronic properties and great potential for next-generation applications. Exfoliable bulk materials could naturally provide a source for one-dimensional wires with a well-defined structure and electronics. Here, we explore a database of one-dimensional materials that could be exfoliated from experimentally known three-dimensional van der Waals compounds, searching for metallic wires that are resilient to Peierls distortions and could act as vias or interconnects for future downscaled electronic devices. As the one-dimensional nature makes these wires particularly susceptible to dynamical instabilities, we carefully characterize vibrational properties to identify stable phases and characterize electronic and dynamical properties. Our search discovers several stable wires; notably, we identify what could be the thinnest possible exfoliable metallic wire, CuC2, coming a step closer to the ultimate limit in material downscaling.	2024-06-07	Acs Nano
10.1109/15.536070	Modeling of an EMP conducted environment	The International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) decided in 1988 to produce a civil standard on the electromagnetic effects of a high altitude EMP (HEMP). Different documents pertaining to the radiated environment and to specifications and test methods have been elaborated and are circulated. A standard conducted environment dependent on many parameters is, however, more difficult to define. The authors present a probabilistic approach which has been adopted to define a typical current shape for the conducted environment. The distribution functions of the peak current value for horizontal and vertical polarizations based on 1710 calculated cases reflecting a variation of the elevation and azimuthal angles from 0 to 90&deg; are presented and discussed	1996-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Electromagnetic Compatibility
10.1049/el.2018.7297	5 GHz laterally-excited bulk-wave resonators (XBARs) based on thin platelets of lithium niobate	In a free-standing 400-nm-thick platelet of crystalline ZY-LiNbO3, narrow electrodes (500 nm) placed periodically with a pitch of a few microns can eXcite standing shear-wave bulk acoustic resonances (XBARs), by utilising lateral electric fields oriented parallel to the crystalline Y-axis and parallel to the plane of the platelet. The resonance frequency of similar to 4800 MHz is determined mainly by the platelet thickness and only weakly depends on the electrode width and the pitch. Simulations show quality-factors (Q) at resonance and anti-resonance higher than 1000. Measurements of the first fabricated devices show a resonance Q-factor similar to 300, strong piezoelectric coupling similar to 25%, (indicated by the large Resonance-antiResonance frequency spacing, similar to 11%) and an impedance at resonance of a few ohms. The static capacitance of the devices, corresponds to the imaginary part of the impedance similar to 100 omega. This device opens the possibility for the development of low-loss, wide band, RF filters in the 3-6 GHz range for 4th and 5th generation (4G/5G) mobile phones. XBARs can be produced using standard optical photolithography and MEMS processes. The 3rd, 5th, 7th, and 9th harmonics were observed, up to 38 GHz, and are also promising for high frequency filter design.	2019-01-24	Electronics Letters
10.1364/OE.3.000280	Energy flow in light-coupling masks for lensless optical lithography	We illustrate the propagation of light in a new type of coupling mask for lensless optical lithography. Our investigation shows how the different elements comprising such masks contribute to the definition of an optical path that allows the exposure of features in the 100-nm-size range in the photoresist. (C) 1998 Optical Society of America	1998-01-01	Optics Express
10.1016/j.jeurceramsoc.2017.04.016	Development of a processing route for carbon allotrope-based TiC porous nanocomposites	Ti-foils are currently used as a spallation target material to produce radioisotopes for physics research at the ISOLDE facility at CERN. However, radioisotope production rates often decrease over time due to material degradation from high operation temperatures. Due to enhanced release rates, porous nanomaterials are being studied as spallation target materials for isotope production. TiC is a material with a very high melting point making it an interesting material to replace the Ti-foils. However, in its nanometric form it sinters readily at high temperatures. To overcome this, a new processing route was developed where TiC was co-milled with graphite, carbon black or multi-wall carbon nanotubes in order to hinder the sintering of TiC. The obtained nanocomposite particle sizes, density, specific surface area and porosity were characterized and compared using ANOVA. All carbon allotropes mixed with the TiC, were able to successfully stabilize the nanometric TiC, hindering its sintering up to 1500 degrees C for 10 h. 2017 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.	2017-01-01	Journal Of The European Ceramic Society
10.1016/j.neuroimage.2020.117498	Synchronous nonmonotonic changes in functional connectivity and white matter integrity in a rat model of sporadic Alzheimer's disease	Brain glucose hypometabolism has been singled out as an important contributor and possibly main trigger to Alzheimer's disease (AD). Intracerebroventricular injections of streptozotocin (icv-STZ) cause brain glucose hypometabolism without systemic diabetes. Here, a first-time longitudinal study of brain glucose metabolism, functional connectivity and white matter microstructure was performed in icv-STZ rats using PET and MRI. Histological markers of pathology were tested at an advanced stage of disease. STZ rats exhibited altered functional connectivity and intra-axonal damage and demyelination in brain regions typical of AD, in a temporal pattern of acute injury, transient recovery/compensation and chronic degeneration. In the context of sustained glucose hypometabolism, these nonmonotonic trends – also reported in behavioral studies of this animal model as well as in human AD – suggest a compensatory mechanism, possibly recruiting ketone bodies, that allows a partial and temporary repair of brain structure and function. The early acute phase could thus become a valuable therapeutic window to strengthen the recovery phase and prevent or delay chronic degeneration, to be considered both in preclinical and clinical studies of AD. In conclusion, this work reveals the consequences of brain insulin resistance on structure and function, highlights signature nonmonotonic trajectories in their evolution and proposes potent MRI-derived biomarkers translatable to human AD and diabetic populations.	2020-10-24	NeuroImage
10.1115/1.4032490	Dynamic Numerical Microchannel Evaporator Model to Investigate Parallel Channel Instabilities	A fully dynamic model of a microchannel evaporator is presented. The aim of the model is to study the highly dynamic parallel channel instabilities that occur in these evaporators in more detail. The numerical solver for the model is custom-built and the majority of the paper is focused on detailing the various aspects of this solver. The one-dimensional homogeneous two-phase flow conservation equations are solved to simulate the flow. The full three-dimensional (3D) conduction domain of the evaporator is also dynamically resolved. This allows for the correct simulation of the complex hydraulic and thermal interactions between the microchannels that give rise to the parallel channel instabilities. The model uses state-of-the-art correlations to calculate the frictional pressure losses and heat transfer in the microchannels. In addition, a model for inlet restrictions is also included to simulate the stabilizing effect of these components. In the final part of the paper, validation results of the model are presented, in which the stability results of the model are compared with the existing experimental data from the literature. Next, a parametric study is performed focusing on the stabilizing effects of the solid substrate properties. It is found that increasing the thermal conductivity and thickness of the solid substrate has a strong stabilizing effect, while increasing the number of microchannels has a small destabilizing effect. Finally, representative dynamic results are also given to demonstrate some of the unique capabilities of the model.	2016-01-01	Journal Of Electronic Packaging
10.1186/ar4588	Monitoring the effects of dexamethasone treatment by MRI using in vivo iron oxide nanoparticle-labeled macrophages	Introduction: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic disease causing recurring inflammatory joint attacks. These attacks are characterized by macrophage infiltration contributing to joint destruction. Studies have shown that RA treatment efficacy is correlated to synovial macrophage number. The aim of this study was to experimentally validate the use of in vivo superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticle (SPION) labeled macrophages to evaluate RA treatment by MRI. Methods: The evolution of macrophages was monitored with and without dexamethasone (Dexa) treatment in rats. Two doses of 3 and 1 mg/kg Dexa were administered two and five days following induction of antigen induced arthritis. SPIONs (7 mg Fe/rat) were injected intravenously and the knees were imaged in vivo on days 6, 10 and 13. The MR images were scored for three parameters: SPION signal intensity, SPION distribution pattern and synovial oedema. Using 3D semi-automated software, the MR SPION signal was quantified. The efficacy of SPIONs and gadolinium chelate (Gd), an MR contrast agent, in illustrating treatment effects were compared. Those results were confirmed through histological measurements of number and area of macrophages and nanoparticle clusters using CD68 immunostaining and Prussian blue staining respectively. Results: Results show that the pattern and the intensity of SPION-labeled macrophages on MRI were altered by Dexa treatment. While the Dexa group had a uniform elliptical line surrounding an oedema pocket, the untreated group showed a diffused SPION distribution on day 6 post-induction. Dexa reduced the intensity of SPION signal 50-60% on days 10 and 13 compared to controls (P = 0.00008 and 0.002 respectively). Similar results were found when the signal was measured by the 3D tool. On day 13, the persisting low grade arthritis progression could not be demonstrated by Gd. Analysis of knee samples by Prussian blue and CD68 immunostaining confirmed in vivo SPION uptake by macrophages. Furthermore, CD68 immunostaining revealed that Dexa treatment significantly decreased the area and number of synovial macrophages. Prussian blue quantification corresponded to the macrophage measurements and both were in agreement with the MRI findings. Conclusions: We have demonstrated the feasibility of MRI tracking of in vivo SPION-labeled macrophages to assess RA treatment effects.	2014-01-01	Arthritis Research & Therapy
10.1002/mrm.25399	Single acquisition electrical property mapping based on relative coil sensitivities: A proof-of-concept demonstration	All methods presented to date to map both conductivity and permittivity rely on multiple acquisitions to compute quantitatively the magnitude of radiofrequency transmit fields, B1+. In this work, we propose a method to compute both conductivity and permittivity based solely on relative receive coil sensitivities ( B1-) that can be obtained in one single measurement without the need to neither explicitly perform transmit/receive phase separation nor make assumptions regarding those phases.	2015-01-01	Magnetic resonance in medicine : official journal of the Society of Magnetic Resonance in Medicine / Society of Magnetic Resonance in Medicine
10.1016/j.cmet.2021.04.009	Short Article Hypothalamic bile acid-TGR5 signaling protects from obesity	Bile acids (BAs) improve metabolism and exert anti-obesity effects through the activation of the Takeda G protein-coupled receptor 5 (TGR5) in peripheral tissues. TGR5 is also found in the brain hypothalamus, but whether hypothalamic BA signaling is implicated in body weight control and obesity pathophysiology remains unknown. Here we show that hypothalamic BA content is reduced in diet-induced obese mice. Central administration of BAs or a specific TGR5 agonist in these animals decreases body weight and fat mass by activating the sympathetic nervous system, thereby promoting negative energy balance. Conversely, genetic downregulation of hypothalamic TGR5 expression in the mediobasal hypothalamus favors the development of obesity and worsens established obesity by blunting sympathetic activity. Lastly, hypothalamic TGR5 signaling is required for the anti-obesity action of dietary BA supplementation. Together, these findings identify hypothalamic TGR5 signaling as a key mediator of a top-down neural mechanism that counteracts diet induced obesity.	2021-07-06	Cell Metabolism
10.1016/j.jcp.2007.07.005	Fast spin +-2 spherical harmonics transforms and application in cosmology	A fast and exact algorithm is developed for the spin +-2 spherical harmonics transforms on equi-angular pixelizations on the sphere. It is based on the Driscoll and Healy fast scalar spherical harmonics transform. The theoretical exactness of the transform relies on a sampling theorem. The associated asymptotic complexity is of order O(L^2 log^{2}_{2}L), where 2L stands for the square-root of the number of sampling points on the sphere, also setting a band limit L for the spin +-2 functions considered. The algorithm is presented as an alternative to existing fast algorithms with an asymptotic complexity of order O(L^3) on other pixelizations. We also illustrate these generic developments through their application in cosmology, for the analysis of the cosmic microwave background (CMB) polarization data.	2007-01-01	Journal of Computational Physics
10.1016/j.ejca.2017.01.018	A PET-Based Nomogram for Oropharyngeal Cancers	Purpose: In the context of locally advanced oropharyngeal cancer (LAOC) treated with definitive radiotherapy (RT) (combined with chemotherapy or cetuximab), the aims of this study were: (1) to identify PET-FDG parameters correlated with overall survival (OS) from a first cohort of patients; then (2) to compute a prognostic score; and (3) finally to validate this scoring system in a second independent cohort of patients. Materials and methods: A total of 76 consecutive patients (training cohort from Rennes) treated with chemoradiotherapy or RT with cetuximab for LAOC were used to build a predictive model of locoregional control (LRC) and OS based on PET-FDG parameters. After internal calibration and validation of this model, a nomogram and a scoring system were developed and tested in a validation cohort of 46 consecutive patients treated with definitive RT for LAOC in Lausanne. Results: In multivariate analysis, the metabolic tumour volume (MTV) of the primary tumour and the lymph nodes were independent predictive factors for LRC and OS. Internal calibration showed a very good adjustment between the predicted OS and the observed OS at 24 months. Using the predictive score, two risk groups were identified (median OS 42 versus 14 months, p < 0.001) and confirmed in the validation cohort from Lausanne (median OS not reached versus 26 months, p = 0.008).	2017-01-01	European Journal of Cancer
10.1002/hlca.200590104	The reactivity of 2-fluoro- and 2-chloropyridines toward sodium ethoxide: Factors governing the rates of nucleophilic (het)aromatic substitutions	The relative displacement rates of the halide substituent from 2-fluoro- and 2-chloropyridines by EtONa in EtOH at +25 Deg were assessed by competition kinetics. The 2-fluoropyridine reacts 320 times faster than the chloro analog. A CF3 group increases the reactivity more than single halogen atoms do, whatever the element, and the latter are superior to Me3Si groups. Substituents accommodated at the 4-position operate through their inductive effect, whereas at the 3-position, this action may be attenuated by steric hindrance. Almost all 5-substituents enhance the rate of the nucleophilic substitution occurring at the 2-position. The sole exception concerns the F-atom at the 5-position which retards the reaction, presumably by lone-pair/lone-pair repulsion with the neg. charge building up at the central C-atom of the intermediate Meisenheimer complex. The substituent effects are additive. Therefore, by using the increments derived from the present work, the rates of future reactions should be predictable with fair accuracy. [on SciFinder (R)]	2005-01-01	Helvetica Chimica Acta
10.1039/d0cp05388k	Atom-surface van der Waals potentials of topological insulators and semimetals from scattering measurements	The phenomenology of resonant scattering has been known since the earliest experiments upon scattering of atomic beams from surfaces and is a means of obtaining experimental information about the fundamentals of weak adsorption systems in the van der Waals regime. We provide an overview of the experimental approach based on new experimental data for the He-Sb2Te3(111) system, followed by a comparative overview and perspective of recent results for topological semimetal and insulator surfaces. Moreover, we shortly discuss the perspectives of calculating helium-surface interaction potentials from ab initio calculations. Our perspective demonstrates that atom-surface scattering provides direct experimental information about the atom-surface interaction in the weak physisorption regime and can also be used to determine the lifetime and mean free path of the trapped atom. We further discuss the effects of elastic and inelastic scattering on the linewidth and lifetime of the trapped He atom with an outlook on future developments and applications.	2021-04-07	Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics
10.1007/s00170-016-8791-1	STEP-NC compliant process planning of additive manufacturing: remanufacturing	Additive manufacturing is becoming one of the key methods for reproducing repair sections in remanufacturing processes. The major advantage of using additive processes is to minimize production time and waste. However, the surface quality and shape accuracy are usually insufficient for the final product because the approximated representation format causes the accumulation of the error during the geometric operations of the process planning. This limitation is a barrier to utilize additive processes as finishing processes, such as general metal cutting. There is need to improve the final quality of parts obtained with additive manufacturing. In this paper, STEP-based numerical control (STEP-NC)-based process planning is applied to the additive manufacturing. ISO 14649 (STEP-NC) describes part programs with geometric data directly and also contains the information necessary for the intelligent process planning. This paper proposes the STEP-NC-based representation method of additive manufacturing and the series of geometric reasoning to automate the derivation of the repair section. The proposed representation has the benefits to provide a high accuracy for the final surface and to describe multiple materials. Topological data maintain low error during the series of process planning through the CAD-CAM-CNC chain. The proposed platform supports consideration of the process tolerance and comparison of the selected plan with alternative processes. In order to show the practical advantages, an analysis of the remanufacturing process is carried out. The case study of remanufacturing a pocket part is presented in order to validate the proposed process plan. The result of the case study shows the improvement in terms of automatic process planning and surface quality accuracy.	2017-01-01	International Journal Of Advanced Manufacturing Technology
10.1002/aic.690321005	Transient behavior of heterogeneous catalytic reactions with educt inhibition	Under periodic operating conditions, the instantaneous rate of the heterogeneous catalytic addn. of HOAc to ethylene can be an order of magnitude higher than at steady state. A real surface, multistep control model takes into account the strong inhibition of the acid to ethylene sorption and describes the steady state and transient behavior quant. [on SciFinder (R)]	1986-01-01	AIChE Journal
10.1080/10255840500322433	How plate positioning impacts the biomechanics of the open wedge tibial osteotomy; a finite element analysis	A numerical model of the medial open wedge tibial osteotomy based on the finite element method was developed. Two plate positions were tested numerically. In a configuration, (a), the plate was fixed in a medial position and (b) in an anteromedial position. The simulation took into account soft tissues preload, muscular tonus and maximal gait load.The maximal stresses observed in the four structural elements (bone, plate, wedge, screws) of an osteotomy with plate in medial position were substantially higher (1.13-2.8 times more) than those observed in osteotomy with an anteromedial plate configuration. An important increase (1.71 times more) of the relative micromotions between the wedge and the bone was also observed. In order to avoid formation of fibrous tissue at the bone wedge interface, the osteotomy should be loaded under 18.8% (approximately 50 kg) of the normal gait load until the osteotomy interfaces union is achieved.	2005-01-01	Comput Methods Biomech Biomed Engin
10.1111/maps.12389	NanoSIMS analysis of organic carbon from the Tissint Martian meteorite: Evidence for the past existence of subsurface organic-bearing fluids on Mars	Two petrographic settings of carbonaceous components, mainly filling open fractures and occasionally enclosed in shock-melt veins, were found in the recently fallen Tissint Martian meteorite. The presence in shock-melt veins and the deuterium enrichments (delta D up to +1183 parts per thousand) of these components clearly indicate a pristine Martian origin. The carbonaceous components are kerogen-like, based on micro-Raman spectra and multielemental ratios, and were probably deposited from fluids in shock-induced fractures in the parent rock of Tissint. After precipitation of the organic matter, the rock experienced another severe shock event, producing the melt veins that encapsulated a part of the organic matter. The C isotopic compositions of the organic matter (delta C-13 = -12.8 to -33.1 parts per thousand) are significantly lighter than Martian atmospheric CO2 and carbonate, providing a tantalizing hint for a possible biotic process. Alternatively, the organic matter could be derived from carbonaceous chondrites, as insoluble organic matter from the latter has similar chemical and isotopic compositions. The presence of organic-rich fluids that infiltrated rocks near the surface of Mars has significant implications for the study of Martian paleoenvironment and perhaps to search for possible ancient biological activities on Mars.	2014-01-01	Meteoritics & Planetary Science
10.1088/1361-6587/ace4f3	Validation of GBS plasma turbulence simulation of the TJ-K stellarator	We present a validation of a three-dimensional, two-fluid simulation of plasma turbulence in the TJ-K stellarator, a low temperature plasma experiment ideally suited for turbulence measurements. The simulation is carried out by the GBS code, recently adapted to simulate 3D magnetic fields. The comparison shows that GBS retrieves the main turbulence properties observed in the device, namely the fact that transport is dominated by fluctuations with low poloidal mode number. The poloidal dependence of the radial E x B turbulent flux is compared on a poloidal plane with elliptical flux surfaces, where a very good agreement between experiment and simulation is observed, and on another with triangular flux surfaces, which shows a poorer comparison. The fluctuation levels in both cases are underestimated in the simulations. The equilibrium density profile is well retrieved by the simulation, while the electron temperature and the electrostatic potential profiles, which are very sensitive to the strength and localization of the sources, do not agree well with the experimental measurements.	2023-08-01	Plasma Physics And Controlled Fusion
10.3390/s23073587	Automatic Body Segment and Side Recognition of an Inertial Measurement Unit Sensor during Gait	Inertial measurement unit (IMU) sensors are widely used for motion analysis in sports and rehabilitation. The attachment of IMU sensors to predefined body segments and sides (left/right) is complex, time-consuming, and error-prone. Methods for solving the IMU-2-segment (I2S) pairing work properly only for a limited range of gait speeds or require a similar sensor configuration. Our goal was to propose an algorithm that works over a wide range of gait speeds with different sensor configurations while being robust to footwear type and generalizable to pathologic gait patterns. Eight IMU sensors were attached to both feet, shanks, thighs, sacrum, and trunk, and 12 healthy subjects (training dataset) and 22 patients (test dataset) with medial compartment knee osteoarthritis walked at different speeds with/without insole. First, the mean stride time was estimated and IMU signals were scaled. Using a decision tree, the body segment was recognized, followed by the side of the lower limb sensor. The accuracy and precision of the whole algorithm were 99.7% and 99.0%, respectively, for gait speeds ranging from 0.5 to 2.2 m/s. In conclusion, the proposed algorithm was robust to gait speed and footwear type and can be widely used for different sensor configurations.	2023-04-01	Sensors
10.1038/s41467-023-39314-7	Fully co-factor-free ClearTau platform produces seeding-competent Tau fibrils for reconstructing pathological Tau aggregates	The authors report a method for producing co-factor-free fibrils from all full-length Tau isoforms. The method paves the way for reconstituting pathology resembling Tau fibrils and enables screening of Tau aggregation-modifying compounds for targeted therapies and PET tracers. Tau protein fibrillization is implicated in the pathogenesis of several neurodegenerative diseases collectively known as Tauopathies. For decades, investigating Tau fibrillization in vitro has required the addition of polyanions or other co-factors to induce its misfolding and aggregation, with heparin being the most commonly used. However, heparin-induced Tau fibrils exhibit high morphological heterogeneity and a striking structural divergence from Tau fibrils isolated from Tauopathies patients' brains at ultra- and macro-structural levels. To address these limitations, we developed a quick, cheap, and effective method for producing completely co-factor-free fibrils from all full-length Tau isoforms and mixtures thereof. We show that Tau fibrils generated using this ClearTau method - ClearTau fibrils - exhibit amyloid-like features, possess seeding activity in biosensor cells and hiPSC-derived neurons, retain RNA-binding capacity, and have morphological properties and structures more reminiscent of the properties of the brain-derived Tau fibrils. We present the proof-of-concept implementation of the ClearTau platform for screening Tau aggregation-modifying compounds. We demonstrate that these advances open opportunities to investigate the pathophysiology of disease-relevant Tau aggregates and will facilitate the development of Tau pathology-targeting and modifying therapies and PET tracers that can distinguish between different Tauopathies.	2023-07-04	Nature Communications
10.1016/j.yqres.2015.09.002	Hydrological dynamics and fire history of the last 1300 years in western Siberia reconstructed from a high-resolution, ombrotrophic peat archive	Siberian peatlands provide records of past changes in the continental climate of Eurasia. We analyzed a core from Mukhrino mire in western Siberia to reconstruct environmental change in this region over the last 1300 years. The pollen analysis revealed little variation of local pine-birch forests. A testate amoebae transfer function was used to generate a quantitative water-table reconstruction; pollen, plant macrofossils, and charcoal were analyzed to reconstruct changes in vegetation and fire activity. The study revealed that Mukhrino mire was wet until the Little Ice Age (LIA), when drought was recorded. Dry conditions during the LIA are consistent with other studies from central and eastern Europe, and with the pattern of carbon accumulation across the Northern Hemisphere. A significant increase in fire activity between ca. AD 1975 and 1990 may be associated with the development of the nearby city of Khanty-Mansiysk, as well as with the prevailing positive Arctic Oscillation. (C) 2015 University of Washington. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	2015-01-01	Quaternary Research
10.1088/1361-6528/aaa590	Effect of hysteretic and non-hysteretic negative capacitance on tunnel FETs DC performance	This work experimentally demonstrates that the negative capacitance effect can be used to significantly improve the key figures of merit of tunnel field effect transistor (FET) switches. In the proposed approach, a matching condition is fulfilled between a trained-polycrystalline PZT capacitor and the tunnel FET (TFET) gate capacitance fabricated on a strained silicon-nanowire technology. We report a non-hysteretic switch configuration by combining a homojunction TFET and a negative capacitance effect booster, suitable for logic applications, for which the on-current is increased by a factor of 100, the transconductance by 2 orders of magnitude, and the low swing region is extended. The operation of a hysteretic negative capacitance TFET, when the matching condition for the negative capacitance is fulfilled only in a limited region of operation, is also reported and discussed. In this late case, a limited improvement in the device performance is observed. Overall, the paper demonstrates the main beneficial effects of negative capacitance on TFETs are the overdrive and transconductance amplification, which exactly address the most limiting performances of current TFETs.	2018-01-26	Nanotechnology
10.1103/PhysRevB.60.4928	Time-resolved Rayleigh scattering of excitons: Evidence for level repulsion in a disordered system	The theory of resonant Rayleigh scattering of light by excitons in a disordered quantum structure is presented. Disorder is modeled by a random Gauss distributed potential with finite correlation length in space. The time dependent scattered si,anal under pulsed excitation is studied by solving the Schrodinger equation for the exciton center-of-mass motion. The key quantity turns out to be the distribution of energy level distances weighted by the optical matrix elements. The limit of classical center-of-mass motion is derived analytically, while large-scale simulations are performed for the general case. The results show that the quantum-mechanical nature of the exciton motion is responsible for an oscillating behavior of the time dependent intensity. The oscillations originate from an interplay between the quantum-mechanical energy-level repulsion and the correlation induced by the finite correlation length of the disorder. [S0163-1829(99)10031-6].	1999-01-01	Physical Review B
10.1038/s41593-024-01676-6	Fear learning induces synaptic potentiation between engram neurons in the rat lateral amygdala	The lateral amygdala (LA) encodes fear memories by potentiating sensory inputs associated with threats and, in the process, recruits 10-30% of its neurons per fear memory engram. However, how the local network within the LA processes this information and whether it also plays a role in storing it are still largely unknown. Here, using ex vivo 12-patch-clamp and in vivo 32-electrode electrophysiological recordings in the LA of fear-conditioned rats, in combination with activity-dependent fluorescent and optogenetic tagging and recall, we identified a sparsely connected network between principal LA neurons that is organized in clusters. Fear conditioning specifically causes potentiation of synaptic connections between learning-recruited neurons. These findings of synaptic plasticity in an autoassociative excitatory network of the LA may suggest a basic principle through which a small number of pyramidal neurons could encode a large number of memories.|A sparsely connected network, organized in clusters, identified in the rat lateral amygdala shows potentiation between recruited neurons after fear conditioning. This implies a mechanism for encoding multiple memories with a small number of neurons.	2024-06-13	Nature Neuroscience
10.1021/acsnano.2c01840	High-Throughput Sizing, Counting, and Elemental Analysis of Anisotropic Multimetallic Nanoparticles with Single-Particle Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass Spectrometry	Nanoparticles (NPs) have wide applications in physical and chemical processes, and their individual properties (e.g., shape, size, and composition) and ensemble properties (e.g., distribution and homogeneity) can significantly affect the performance. However, the extrapolation of information from a single particle to the ensemble remains a challenge due to the lack of suitable techniques. Herein, we report a high-throughput single-particle inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (SP-ICP-MS)-based protocol to simultaneously determine the size, count, and elemental makeup of several thousands of (an)isotropic NPs independent of composition, size, shape, and dispersing medium with atomistic precision in a matter of minutes. By introducing highly diluted nebulized aqueous dispersions of NPs directly into the plasma torch of an ICP-MS instrument, individual NPs are atomized and ionized, resulting in ion plumes that can be registered by the mass analyzer. Our proposed protocol includes a phase transfer step for NPs synthesized in organic media, which are otherwise incompatible with ICP-MS instruments, and a modeling tool that extends the measurement of particle morphologies beyond spherical to include cubes, truncated octahedra, and tetrahedra, exemplified by anisotropic Cu NPs. Finally, we demonstrate the versatility of our method by studying the doping of bulk-dilute (<1 at. %) CuAg nanosurface alloys as well as the ease with which ensemble composition distributions of multimetallic NPs (i.e., CuPd and CuPdAg) can be obtained providing different insights in the chemistry of nanomaterials. We believe our combined protocol could deepen the understanding of macroscopic phenomena involving nanoscale structures by bringing about a statistics renaissance in research areas including, among others, materials science, materials chemistry, (nano)physics, (nano)photonics, catalysis, and electrochemistry.	2022-07-25	ACS Nano
10.1002/suco.201200066	Background to the fib Model Code 2010 shear provisions - part I: beams and slabs	This paper examines the evidence for the one-way shear model developed for the fib Model Code for Concrete Structures 2010 and provides examples of its application. For the design and analysis for shear, for members with and without shear reinforcement, the fib Model Code 2010 procedures have been developed from physical-mechanical models that are based on observed behaviour at the meso-scale level; they represent a significant advance over previous standardized empirical methods. In addition, an approach referred to as level of approximation (LoA) is incorporated where advanced models are simplified in a consistent and conservative way such that the designer can select the effort needed to justify their design. To illustrate the practical use of the models and the LoA approach, two examples are presented. The first is a deck slab of a cut-and-cover tunnel where design and possible refinements are discussed for a given configuration. The second is a prestressed concrete bridge girder, which is considered for the cases of design and for the analysis of an existing structure.	2013-01-01	Structural Concrete
10.1002/chem.201902353	Mechanistic study of the photo‐generation of hydrogen by decamethylruthenocene	Hydrogen evolution by decamethylruthenocene (Cp*2RuII) was studied in detail highlighting that metallocenes are capable of photo‐reducing hydrogen without the need of an additional sensitizer. Electrochemical, gas chromatographic and spectroscopic (UV/vis, 1H and 13C NMR) measurements corroborated by density functional theory (DFT) calculations indicate that the production of hydrogen occurs by a two‐step process. First, the decamethylruthenocene hydride ([Cp*2RuIV(H)]+) is formed in the presence of an organic acid. Subsequently, [Cp*2RuIV(H)]+ is reversibly reduced via a heterolytic reaction with one‐photon excitation leading to a first release of hydrogen. Thereafter, the resultant decamethylruthenocenium ion ([Cp*2RuIII]+) is further reduced leading to a second release of hydrogen by deprotonation of a methyl group of [Cp*2RuIII]+. Experimental and computational data show the spontaneous conversion of [Cp*2RuII] to [Cp*2RuIV(H)]+ in the presence of protons. Calculations highlight that the first reduction is endergonic (ΔG0 = 108 kJ·mol−1) and needs an input of energy by light for the reaction to occur. The hydricity of the methyl protons of [Cp*2RuII] was also considered.	2019-01-01	Chemistry – A European Journal
10.1109/TCSI.2016.2608959	Memristive Biosensors Integration With Microfluidic Platform	The integration of nanoscale sensors with microfluidic platforms is a powerful tool for the design of robust biosensing devices that present high reliability and the advantage of a quick data acquisition. In addition, microfluidic based lab-on-a-chip sensors require minute amounts of clinical samples and cancer biosensing products. However, the integration of nanostructures in such more complex configurations may significantly complicate the electrical readout process. The aim of the present work is to develop improved devices for cancer prognosis based on nanofabricated Memristive Biosensors integrated for the first time with a microfluidic structure. The effective readout of the Memristive Biosensors electrical response is enabled through a series of specially designed metal line extensions realized accordingly in order to fully retain the sensing output signal.	2016-01-01	IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems I: Regular Papers
10.1080/10255842.2012.736502	Factors affecting subject-specific finite element models of implant-fitted rat bone specimens: critical analysis of a technical protocol	The authors propose a protocol to derive finite element (FE) models from micro computer tomography scans of implanted rat bone. A semi-automatic procedure allows segmenting the images using specimen-specific bone mineral density (BMD) thresholds. An open-source FE model generator processes the segmented images to a quality tetrahedral mesh. The material properties assigned to each element are integrated from the BMD field. Piecewise, threshold-dependent density-elasticity relationships are implemented to limit the effects of metal artefacts. A detailed sensitivity study highlights the coherence of the generated models and quantifies the influence of the modelling parameters on the results. Two applications of the protocol are proposed. The stiffness of bare and implanted rat tibiae specimens is predicted by simulating three-point bending and inter-implant displacement, respectively. Results are compared with experimental tests. The mean value and the variability between the specimens are well captured in both tests.	2014-01-01	Computer Methods In Biomechanics And Biomedical Engineering
10.1111/j.1467-9868.2007.00585.x	A mixture model for multivariate extremes	The spectral density function plays a key role in ﬁtting the tail of multivariate extremal data and so in estimating probabilities of rare events. This function satisﬁes moment constraints but unlike the univariate extreme value distributions has no simple parametric form. Parameterized subfamilies of spectral densities have been suggested for use in applications, and nonparametric estimation procedures have been proposed, but semiparametric models for multivariate extremes have hitherto received little attention. We show that mixtures of Dirichlet distributions satisfying the moment constraints are weakly dense in the class of all nonparametric spectral densities, and discuss frequentist and Bayesian inference in this class based on the EM algorithm and reversible jump Markov chain Monte Carlo simulation. We illustrate the ideas using simulated and real data.	2007-01-01	Journal of the Royal Statistical Society, series B
10.4319/lo.2009.54.6.1863	Physical and biogeochemical limits to internal nutrient loading of meromictic Lake Kivu	Lake Kivu is one of the large African Rift lakes situated between the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda. In its permanently stratified hypolimnion, unusually high methane concentrations have increased further in recent decades. Because methanogenesis is, in part, dependent on supply of organic material from the photic zone, it is necessary to quantify upward nutrient fluxes from the saline, nutrient-rich deep waters. These upward fluxes are mainly driven by advection caused by subaquatic springs. Biogenic calcite precipitation drives surface-water depletion and deep-water enrichment of Ca(2+), Sr(2+), and Ba(2+). Methane is mainly oxidized aerobically at the redox interface at 60 m, with a small contribution of anaerobic methane oxidation. A subaquatic spring that sustains the major chemocline at 250 m depth was depleted of N, P, and CH(4), and concentrations of major ions were slightly lower than in the lake water of the same depth. Enrichment of the deep waters with nutrients and CH(4) are driven by mineralization of settling organic material, whereas SiO(2) is influenced by uptake and mineralization of diatoms and inputs through subaquatic springs. Dissolved inorganic phosphorus and Si fluxes supplied by internal loading through upwelling were found to be lower than the estimations for Lakes Malawi and Tanganyika. In contrast, N flux was within the lower range for Lake Malawi, whereas it was assumed to be totally lost by denitrification in Lake Tanganyika. In Lake Kivu, nutrient uptake by primary production is three times higher than nutrient upward fluxes.	2009-01-01	Limnology And Oceanography
10.1016/j.molcel.2019.01.036	Probing the Global Cellular Responses to Lipotoxicity Caused by Saturated Fatty Acids	Excessive levels of saturated fatty acids are toxic to cells, although the basis for this lipotoxicity remains incompletely understood. Here, we analyzed the transcriptome, lipidome, and genetic interactions of human leukemia cells exposed to palmitate. Palmitate treatment increased saturated glycerolipids, accompanied by a transcriptional stress response, including upregulation of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response. A comprehensive genome-wide short hairpin RNA (shRNA) screen identified >350 genes modulating lipotoxicity. Among previously unknown genetic modifiers of lipotoxicity, depletion of RNF213, a putative ubiquitin ligase mutated in Moyamoya vascular disease, protected cells from lipotoxicity. On a broader level, integration of our comprehensive datasets revealed that changes in di-saturated glycerolipids, but not other lipid classes, are central to lipotoxicity in this model. Consistent with this, inhibition of ER-localized glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase activity protected from all aspects of lipotoxicity. Identification of genes modulating the response to saturated fatty acids may reveal novel therapeutic strategies for treating metabolic diseases linked to lipotoxicity.	2019-04-04	Molecular Cell
10.1109/TSP.2019.2931169	Super Resolution Phase Retrieval for Sparse Signals	In a variety of fields, in particular those involving imaging and optics, we often measure signals whose phase is missing or has been irremediably distorted. Phase retrieval attempts to recover the phase information of a signal from the magnitude of its Fourier transform to enable the reconstruction of the original signal. Solving the phase retrieval problem is equivalent to recovering a signal from its auto-correlation function. In this paper, we assume the original signal to be sparse; this is a natural assumption in many applications, such as X-ray crystallography, speckle imaging and blind channel estimation. We propose an algorithm that resolves the phase retrieval problem in three stages: i) we leverage the finite rate of innovation sampling theory to super-resolve the auto-correlation function from a limited number of samples, ii) we design a greedy algorithm that identifies the locations of a sparse solution given the super-resolved auto-correlation function, iii) we recover the amplitudes of the atoms given their locations and the measured auto-correlation function. Unlike traditional approaches that recover a discrete approximation of the underlying signal, our algorithm estimates the signal on a continuous domain, which makes it the first of its kind. Along with the algorithm, we derive its performance bound with a theoretical analysis and propose a set of enhancements to improve its computational complexity and noise resilience. Finally, we demonstrate the benefits of the proposed method via a comparison against Charge Flipping, a notable algorithm in crystallography.	2018-08-06	IEEE Transactions On Signal Processing
10.1016/j.rehab.2019.02.003	Reliability of single-day walking performance and physical activity measures using inertial sensors in children with cerebral palsy	Background: There is a lack of objective and reliable tools to measure walking performance in children with cerebral palsy (CP).	2021-05-01	Annals Of Physical And Rehabilitation Medicine
10.1523/JNEUROSCI.3306-04.2004	Regulation of brain proteolytic activity is necessary for the in vivo function of NMDA receptors	Serine proteases are considered to be involved in plasticity-related events in the nervous system, but their in vivo targets and the importance of their control by endogenous inhibitors are still not clarified. Here, we demonstrate the crucial role of a potent serine protease inhibitor, protease nexin-1 (PN-1), in the regulation of activity-dependent brain proteolytic activity and the functioning of sensory pathways. Neuronal activity regulates the expression of PN-1, which in turn controls brain proteolytic activity. In PN-1-/- mice, absence of PN-1 leads to increased brain proteolytic activity, which is correlated with an activity-dependent decrease in the NR1 subunit of the NMDA receptor. Correspondingly, reduced NMDA receptor signaling is detected in their barrel cortex. This is coupled to decreased sensory evoked potentials in the barrel cortex and impaired whisker-dependent sensory motor function. Thus, a tight control of serine protease activity is critical for the in vivo function of the NMDA receptors and the proper function of sensory pathways.	2004-01-01	Journal of Neuroscience
10.3389/fninf.2011.00003	The Connectome Viewer Toolkit: an open source framework to manage, analyze, and visualize connectomes	Advanced neuroinformatics tools are required for methods of connectome mapping, analysis, and visualization. The inherent multi-modality of connectome datasets poses new challenges for data organization, integration, and sharing. We have designed and implemented the Connectome Viewer Toolkit - a set of free and extensible open source neuroimaging tools written in Python. The key components of the toolkit are as follows: (1) The Connectome File Format is an XML-based container format to standardize multi-modal data integration and structured metadata annotation. (2) The Connectome File Format Library enables management and sharing of connectome files. (3) The Connectome Viewer is an integrated research and development environment for visualization and analysis of multi-modal connectome data. The Connectome Viewer's plugin architecture supports extensions with network analysis packages and an interactive scripting shell, to enable easy development and community contributions. Integration with tools from the scientific Python community allows the leveraging of numerous existing libraries for powerful connectome data mining, exploration, and comparison. We demonstrate the applicability of the Connectome Viewer Toolkit using Diffusion MRI datasets processed by the Connectome Mapper. The Connectome Viewer Toolkit is available from http://www.cmtk.org/	2011-01-01	Frontiers in neuroinformatics
10.1016/j.ijadhadh.2016.10.016	Shear loaded friction-welded crosswise arranged timber boards	Friction welding of wood is a bonding technology that can be used for joining timber elements, and in which the adhesive is formed from thermally modified cell wall material within the substrate during the welding process. In this paper, this principle is used for manufacturing prototypes of friction welded crosswise arranged timber boards, structural element bearing similitude to cross-laminated timber (CLT) tested under in-plane shear loads. In addition to the experimental investigations, three different approaches of strength prediction were performed. Beside a simply analytical method, two different probabilistic principles based on the non-local Weibull theory of brittle failure were conducted.	2017-01-10	International Journal of Adhesion and Adhesives
10.1097/IJG.0000000000001209	Initial Clinical Results of the eyeWatch: a New Adjustable Glaucoma Drainage Device Used in Refractory Glaucoma Surgery	Precis: In this study, we report clinical results after implantation of an adjustable glaucoma drainage device. The intraocular pressure (IOP) profile was efficiently controlled postoperatively as the resistance to aqueous humor outflow was finely adjusted. Purpose: The main purpose of this study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the new adjustable glaucoma drainage device eyeWatch used in conjunction with a Baerveldt glaucoma implant in refractory glaucoma. Patients and Methods: This was a multicentric, prospective, noncomparative clinical trial. Patients older than 18 years of age suffering from refractory glaucoma after failed surgeries, with IOP of >= 20 mm Hg, in whom a further glaucoma procedure using an aqueous shunt was planned, were enrolled in this study. The primary outcome was the success rate, defined as an IOP <= 18 mm Hg and reduction of >20% from baseline, IOP >= 6 mm Hg. Secondary outcomes were mean IOP, visual acuity, number of antiglaucoma medications, number, and type of complications. Results: Fifteen patients were included. The mean follow-up time was 15.6 +/- 3.5 months. The mean baseline IOP decreased from 26.2 +/- 6.8 mm Hg before surgery to 11.9 +/- 2.8 mm Hg at 12 months (P<0.001). The mean number of glaucoma medications decreased from 3.0 +/- 0.7 before surgery to 0.8 +/- 0.9 at last visit (P<0.001). The success rate was 40% for complete success and 93% for overall success at last follow-up. Complication rate was 7%. Conclusions: The novel glaucoma device allows for perioperative and postoperative noninvasive adjustments of the resistance to aqueous humor outflow. This leads to better management of IOP during the early postoperative period, preventing ocular hypotony and eliminating the need for obstructive elements and reinterventions. The rate of complications was low, IOP was adequately controlled and lowered, with a substantial reduction in the number of antiglaucoma medication.	2019-05-01	Journal Of Glaucoma
10.1088/0029-5515/53/6/063013	Basic investigations of electrostatic turbulence and its interaction with plasma and suprathermal ions in a simple magnetized toroidal plasma	Progress in basic understanding of turbulence and its influence on the transport both of the plasma bulk and of suprathermal components is achieved in the TORPEX simple magnetized torus. This configuration combines a microwave plasma production scheme with a quasi-equilibrium generated by a toroidal magnetic field, onto which a small vertical component is superimposed, simulating a simplified form of tokamak scrape-off layers. After having clarified the formation of blobs in ideal interchange turbulence, TORPEX experiments elucidated the mechanisms behind the blob motion, with a general scaling law relating their size and speed. The parallel currents associated with the blobs, responsible for the damping of the charge separation that develops inside them, hence determining their cross-field velocity, have been measured. The blob dynamics is influenced by creating convective cells with biased electrodes, arranged in an array on a metal limiter. Depending on the biasing scheme, radial and vertical blob velocities can be varied. Suprathermal ion transport in small-scale turbulence is also investigated on TORPEX. Suprathermal ions are generated by a miniaturized lithium source, and are detected using a movable double-gridded energy analyser. We characterize vertical and radial spreading of the ion beam, associated with the ideal interchange-dominated plasma turbulence, as a function of the suprathermal ion energy and the plasma temperature. Experimental results are in good agreement with global fluid simulations, including in cases of non-diffusive behaviour. To investigate the interaction of plasma and suprathermal particles with instabilities and turbulence in magnetic configurations of increasing complexity, a closed field line configuration has recently been implemented on TORPEX, based on a current-carrying wire suspended in the vacuum chamber. First measurements indicate the creation of circular symmetric profiles centred on the magnetic axis, and instabilities driven in the region of strong gradients, with a strong ballooning character.	2013-01-01	Nuclear Fusion
10.25537/dm.2017v22.1-24	Cohomological Invariants for G-Galois Algebras and Self-Dual Normal Bases	Cohomological Invariants for G-Galois Algebras and Self-Dual Normal Bases. We define degree two cohomological invariants for $G$-Galois algebras over fields of characteristic not 2, and use them to give necessary conditions for the existence of a self--dual normal basis. In some cases (for instance, when the field has cohomological dimension $\le 2$) we show that these conditions are also sufficient.	2017-01-01	Documenta Mathematica : Journal der deutschen Mathematiker-Vereinigung
10.1002/nme.7419	Reduced order modeling based inexact FETI-DP solver for lattice structures	This paper addresses the overwhelming computational resources needed with standard numerical approaches to simulate architected materials. Those multiscale heterogeneous lattice structures gain intensive interest in conjunction with the improvement of additive manufacturing as they offer, among many others, excellent stiffness-to-weight ratios. We develop here a dedicated HPC solver that benefits from the specific nature of the underlying problem in order to drastically reduce the computational costs (memory and time) for the full fine-scale analysis of lattice structures. Our purpose is to take advantage of the natural domain decomposition into cells and, even more importantly, of the geometrical and mechanical similarities among cells. Our solver consists in a so-called inexact FETI-DP method where the local, cell-wise operators and solutions are approximated with reduced order modeling techniques. Instead of considering independently every cell, we end up with only few principal local problems to solve and make use of the corresponding principal cell-wise operators to approximate all the others. It results in a scalable algorithm that saves numerous local factorizations. Our solver is applied for the isogeometric analysis of lattices built by spline composition, which offers the opportunity to compute the reduced basis with macro-scale data, thereby making our method also multiscale and matrix-free. The solver is tested against various 2D and 3D analyses. It shows major gains compared to black-box solvers; in particular, problems of several millions of degrees of freedom can be solved with a simple computer within few minutes.	2024-01-22	International Journal For Numerical Methods In Engineering
10.1093/mnras/stac3595	Semi-analytic forecasts for Roman - the beginning of a new era of deep-wide galaxy surveys	The Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope, NASA's next flagship observatory, will redefine deep-field galaxy survey with a field of view two orders of magnitude larger than Hubble and an angular resolution of matching quality. These future deep-wide galaxy surveys necessitate new simulations to forecast their scientific output and to optimize survey strategies. In this work, we present five realizations of 2-deg(2) light cones, containing a total of greater than or similar to 25 million simulated galaxies with similar to-16 greater than or similar to M-UV greater than or similar to -25 spanning z 0 to 10. This data set enables a new set of experiments with the impacts of survey size on the derived galaxy formation and cosmological constraints. The intrinsic and observable galaxy properties are predicted using a well-established, physics-based semi-analytic modelling approach. We provide forecasts for number density, cosmic SFR, field-to-field variance, and angular two-point correlation functions, and demonstrate how the future wide-field surveys will be able to improve these measurements relative to current generation surveys. We also present a comparison between these light cones and others that have been constructed with empirical models. The mock light cones are designed to facilitate the exploration of multi-instrument synergies and connecting with current generation instruments and legacy surveys. In addition to Roman, we also provide photometry for a number of other instruments on upcoming facilities, including Euclid and Rubin, as well as the instruments, that are part of many legacy surveys. Full object catalogues and data tables for the results presented in this work are made available through a web-based, interactive portal.	2023-02-01	Monthly Notices Of The Royal Astronomical Society
10.1371/journal.pone.0023009	Adaptive Strategy for the Statistical Analysis of Connectomes	We study an adaptive statistical approach to analyze brain networks represented by brain connection matrices of interregional connectivity (connectomes). Our approach is at a middle level between a global analysis and single connections analysis by considering subnetworks of the global brain network. These subnetworks represent either the inter-connectivity between two brain anatomical regions or by the intra-connectivity within the same brain anatomical region. An appropriate summary statistic, that characterizes a meaningful feature of the subnetwork, is evaluated. Based on this summary statistic, a statistical test is performed to derive the corresponding p-value. The reformulation of the problem in this way reduces the number of statistical tests in an orderly fashion based on our understanding of the problem. Considering the global testing problem, the p-values are corrected to control the rate of false discoveries. Finally, the procedure is followed by a local investigation within the significant subnetworks. We contrast this strategy with the one based on the individual measures in terms of power. We show that this strategy has a great potential, in particular in cases where the subnetworks are well defined and the summary statistics are properly chosen. As an application example, we compare structural brain connection matrices of two groups of subjects with a 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, distinguished by their IQ scores.	2011-01-01	Plos One
10.1007/s10013-016-0212-0	An Offline-Online Riemann Solver for One-Dimensional Systems of Conservation Laws	In this paper, we present an exact Riemann solver for one-dimensional systems of conservation laws. The method is based on an offline-online computational decomposition. During the offline stage, we generate an accurate surrogate model for the solution to the Riemann problem for arbitrary left and right states. Then, during the online stage, we employ the surrogate model to generate accurate initial conditions for an iterative Newton solver. We present a mathematical analysis of the Riemann problem to justify the proposed approach. Finally, we illustrate its effectiveness by means of two numerical examples.	2016-01-01	Vietnam Journal Of Mathematics
10.1111/jace.13776	Alkali Activation of AOD Stainless Steel Slag Under Steam Curing Conditions	Crystalline argon oxygen decarburization slag, in powdery form, was investigated for its hydration potential by alkali activation and curing at 80 degrees C. Na-silicate and K-silicate of the same modulus were used as activators. Isothermal calorimetry at 80 degrees C indicated exothermic reactions in the slag pastes. When the slag mortars were cured under steam at 80 degrees C appreciable gain in compressive strength was measured. This was attributed to C-S-H which was detected in TG, FTIR, and Si-29 NMR analyses. Upon hydration at 90d, the amount of crystalline phases decreased, whereas the XRD amorphous content in the slag increased. Electron microscopy showed the formation of different morphologies of reaction products depending on the alkaline activator employed. Presence of reaction rims around the crystalline phases with a major presence of Ca, Si, and O in the reacted matrix was observed in elemental maps.	2015-01-01	Journal Of The American Ceramic Society
10.1080/14650045.2023.2174433	Dispassionate Borders: Common Patterns of Belonging in European Cross-Border Regions	Cross-border regions are seen as specific spaces where both cosmopolitanism and nationalistic attitudes can spread. It is commonly argued that due to the physical proximity to a neighbouring country, the development of cross-border encounters and interactions among contiguous populations can both favour the emergence of shared supranational identifications and reinvigorate nationalistic sentiments. Based on a series of semi-structured interviews with inhabitants, this paper investigates common patterns of belonging in three European cross-border regions. The relatively dispassionate way in which the differences created around the border are experienced and communicated by the interviewees reveals that although the border continues to significantly structure the feelings of belonging of the inhabitants of these regions, its centrality and capacity for social polarisation are limited. In the context of the European integration process, the analysis shows that despite the persistence of the border, it is frequently transcended, imbricated with other borders and scales of belonging, and increasingly banalised. These findings suggest that border societies are not necessarily overdetermined by their geography either towards cosmopolitan or nationalistic attitudes.	2023-02-10	Geopolitics
10.1007/s00422-012-0540-4	Where are we in understanding salamander locomotion: biological and robotic perspectives on kinematics	Salamanders have captured the interest of biologists and roboticists for decades because of their ability to locomote in different environments and their resemblance to early representatives of tetrapods. In this article, we review biological and robotic studies on the kinematics (i.e., angular profiles of joints) of salamander locomotion aiming at three main goals: (i) to give a clear view of the kinematics, currently available, for each body part of the salamander while moving in different environments (i.e., terrestrial stepping, aquatic stepping, and swimming), (ii) to examine what is the status of our current knowledge and what remains unclear, and (iii) to discuss how much robotics and modeling have already contributed and will potentially contribute in the future to such studies.	2013-01-01	Biological Cybernetics
10.1016/j.jnucmat.2004.04.058	Impact of irradiation on the microstructure of nanocrystalline materials	Nanostructured materials should present a good resistance to irradiation because the large volume fraction of grain boundaries can be an important sink for radiation-induced defects. The objective of the present study is to experimentally investigate the irradiation impact on the microstructure in nanostructured materials. Nickel and Cu-0.5A(2)O(3) specimens were synthesized by electro deposition (ED) and severe plastic deformation (SPD). 590 MeV proton irradiation was conducted in the Proton IRradiation EXperiment facility (PIREX). ED Ni were also irradiated in Tandem type accelerator with Ni+ ions of 840 keV. The irradiation induced microstructure, which leads to hardening, consists exclusively of stacking fault tetrahedra. Their density appears much lower than in the case of coarser grained material. In order to assess the change in grain size induced by irradiation, annealing experiments have been performed. These results, experimentally showing the resistance of nanostructured material to radiation damage, are presented here. (C) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2004-01-01	Journal of Nuclear Materials
10.1016/j.ijrmhm.2014.07.008	Finite element modeling of the WC-10 wt.% Co thermal stresses: Build-up and phase specific strain response during cyclic loading	Several finite element models of the morphology of WC-10 wt.% Co were employed to reproduce the build-up of thermal residual stresses as well as the phase specific strain during loading-unloading in compression. The different models differ only in their geometry of the interpenetrating skeletons of WC and Co. They all respect the given volume proportion of each phase. Thermoelasticity is considered for the brittle WC, while also plasticity is included to model the Co binder phase. We compare the predictions of our FEM models with phase specific strain measurements performed by in-situ neutron diffraction and discuss the model validation. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	2015-01-01	International Journal Of Refractory Metals & Hard Materials
10.1051/0004-6361/201321538	Planck 2013 results. VIII. HFI photometric calibration and mapmaking	This paper describes the methods used to produce photometrically calibrated maps from the Planck High Frequency Instrument (HFI) cleaned, time-ordered information. HFI observes the sky over a broad range of frequencies, from 100 to 857 GHz. To obtain the best calibration accuracy over such a large range, two different photometric calibration schemes have to be used. The 545 and 857 GHz data are calibrated by comparing flux-density measurements of Uranus and Neptune with models of their atmospheric emission. The lower frequencies (below 353 GHz) are calibrated using the solar dipole. A component of this anisotropy is time-variable, owing to the orbital motion of the satellite in the solar system. Photometric calibration is thus tightly linked to mapmaking, which also addresses low-frequency noise removal. By comparing observations taken more than one year apart in the same configuration, we have identified apparent gain variations with time. These variations are induced by non-linearities in the read-out electronics chain. We have developed an effective correction to limit their effect on calibration. We present several methods to estimate the precision of the photometric calibration. We distinguish relative uncertainties (between detectors, or between frequencies) and absolute uncertainties. Absolute uncertainties lie in the range from 0.54% to 10% from 100 to 857 GHz. We describe the pipeline used to produce the maps from the HFI timelines, based on the photometric calibration parameters, and the scheme used to set the zero level of the maps a posteriori. We also discuss the cross-calibration between HFI and the SPIRE instrument on board Herschel. Finally we summarize the basic characteristics of the set of HFI maps included in the 2013 Planck data release.	2014-01-01	Astronomy & Astrophysics
10.1080/20442041.2018.1500227	Lateral variations and vertical structure of the microbial methane cycle in the sediment of Lake Onego (Russia)	The significance of methane production by lakes to the global production of greenhouse gas is well acknowledged while underlying processes sustaining the lacustrine methane budget remain largely unknown. We coupled biogeochemical data to functional and phylogenetic analyses to understand how sedimentary parameters characterize the methane cycle vertically and horizontally in the ice-covered bay of the second largest lake in Europe, Lake Onego, Russia. Our results support a heterogeneous winter methane cycle, with higher production and oxidation closest to riverine inputs. Close to the river mouth, the largest numbers of copies of methane-related functional genes pmoA and mcrA were associated with a specific functional community, and methane production potential exceeded oxidation, resulting in 6-10 times higher methane fluxes than in the rest of the bay. The elevated fluxes arise from the spatial differences in quantity and type (lacustrine versus riverine sources) of organic matter. More homogeneity is found toward the open lake, where the sediment is vertically structured into 3 zones: a shallow zone of methane oxidation; a transitional zone (5-10 cm) where anaerobic methane oxidation is dominant; and a methane production zone below. This vertical pattern is structured by the redox gradient and human-induced changes in sedimentary inputs to the bay. Retrieved 16S rRNA gene sequences from Candidatus Methanoperedens and Cand. Methylomirabilis suggest that anaerobic oxidation of methane occurs in these freshwater lake sediments.	2019-01-01	Inland Waters
10.1088/0741-3335/44/12B/325	Bootstrap current destabilization of ideal MHD modes in three-dimensional reactor configurations	In current-free stellarators, the parallel current density is normally too weak to drive global external kink modes. However, at finite values of beta, the bootstrap current (BC) can provide sufficient free energy to trigger this class of mode in some stellarator systems. The effect of the BC in the collisionless 1/nu regime has been investigated in several different types of stellarator reactor systems all with a volume V similar to 1000 m(3). In quasiaxisymmetric and quasihelically symmetric stellarators, the BC is large at, finite beta and this can cause low order resonances to move into and emerge out of the plasma which in turn can destabilize global internal and external kink modes. In a six-field period system with poloidally closed contours of the magnetic field strength B, the BC is small and decreases the rotational transform only slightly. As a result, only intermediate to high n modes can become weakly destabilized. Furthermore, it is demonstrated in this system that the contours of the second adiabatic invariant J(parallel to) close poloidally for all trapped particles at finite beta* similar to 6%. This condition leads to the loss of a very small fraction of the collisionless alpha-particle orbits. In Sphellamak configurations with peaked toroidal currents required to generate nearly isodynamic maximum-B confining field structures, the BC accounts only for a small fraction of the total current. The loss of a-particles born within the inner quarter of the plasma volume is negligible while about 1/3 of those born at half volume escape the device within a slowing down time.	2002-01-01	Plasma Physics and Controlled Fusion
10.1002/anie.201105766	Enantioselective Rhodium(I)-Catalyzed [3+2] Annulations of Aromatic Ketimines Induced by Directed C?H Activations	Triple selectivity: Highly substituted indenylamines can be obtained with high enantioselectivity by formal [3+2] additions of aryl ketimines with internal alkynes. These rhodium(I)-catalyzed processes proceed by selective C-H activation of one of the two arene substituents, regioselective carbometalation of the alkyne, and enantioselective addition across the imine. Copyright © 2011 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.	2011-01-01	Angewandte Chemie-International Edition
10.1002/anie.201310522	Mapping of the Photoinduced Electron Traps in TiO2 by Picosecond X-ray Absorption Spectroscopy	Titanium dioxide (TiO2) is the most popular material for applications in solar-energy conversion and photocatalysis, both of which rely on the creation, transport, and trapping of charges (holes and electrons). The nature and lifetime of electron traps at room temperature have so far not been elucidated. Herein, we use picosecond X-ray absorption spectroscopy at the Ti K-edge and the Ru L-3-edge to address this issue for photoexcited bare and N719-dye-sensitized anatase and amorphous TiO2 nanoparticles. Our results show that 100 ps after photoexcitation, the electrons are trapped deep in the defect-rich surface shell in the case of anatase TiO2, whereas they are inside the bulk in the case of amorphous TiO2. In the case of dye-sensitized anatase or amorphous TiO2, the electrons are trapped at the outer surface. Only two traps were identified in all cases, with lifetimes in the range of nanoseconds to tens of nanoseconds.	2014-01-01	Angewandte Chemie-International Edition
10.1016/j.jpowsour.2016.01.053	Highly efficient dye-sensitized solar cells achieved through using Pt-free Nb2O5/C composite counter electrode and iodide-free redox couples	To improve the catalytic activity of Nb2O5, a composite Nb2O5/C (Nb2O5 imbedded in carbon support) is synthesized with a simple in situ method and then introduced the composite into dye-sensitized solar cells (DSCs) as a counter electrode (CE) catalyst. Based on the analysis of the cyclic voltammetry, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy, and Tafel-polarization curve measurements, the catalytic activity of the Nb2O5/C composite for the regeneration of iodide-free redox couples of polysulfide (T-2/T-) and cobalt complex (Co3+/2+) is indeed enhanced significantly as compared with pure Nb2O5, because the composite electrode eliminates the particle aggregation and forms a mesoporous network structure with large pore size. The T-2/T- electrolyte based DSCs with Nb2O5/C CE yields a high power conversion efficiency (PCE) of 6.11%, generating a great improvement of 63.8% as compared to the Pt CE based DSCs. In addition, the Nb2O5/C exhibits higher catalytic activity than Pt for regenerating the Co3+/2+ redox couple and the DSCs using Nb2O5/C CE shows a high PCE of 9.86%. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2016-01-01	Journal Of Power Sources
10.1016/j.envres.2021.111815	Advancements in heavy metals removal from effluents employing nano-adsorbents: Way towards cleaner production	Due to the development in science field which gives not only benefit but also introducesundesirable pollution to the environment. This pollution is due to poor discharge activities of industrial effluents into the soil and water bodies, surface run off from fields of agricultural lands, dumping of untreated wastes by municipalities, and mining activites, which deteriorates the cardinal virtue of our environment and causes menace to human health and life. Heavy metal(s), a natural constituent on earth's crust and economic important mineral, due to its recalcitrant effects creates heavy metal pollution which affects food chain and also reduces the quality of water. For this, many researchers have performed studies to find efficient methods for wastewater remediation. One of the most promising methods from economic point of view is adsorption, which is simple in design, but leads to use of a wide range of adsorbents and ease of operations. Due to advances in nanotechnology, many nanomaterials were used as adsorbents for wastewater remediation, because of their efficiency. Many researchers have reported that nanoadsorbents are unmitigatedly a fruitful solution to address this world's problem. This review presents a potent view on various classes of nanoadsorbents and their application to wastewater treatment. It provides a bird's eye view of the suitability of different types of nanomaterials for remediation of wastewater and Backspace gives up-to-date information about polymer based and silica-based nanoadsorbents.	2022-01-01	Environmental Research
10.1137/23M155222X	MIXING FOR GENERIC ROUGH SHEAR FLOWS	We study mixing and diffusion properties of passive scalars driven by generic rough shear flows. Genericity is here understood in the sense of prevalence, and (ir)regularity is measured in the Besov-Nikolskii scale B\alpha 1,\infty, \alpha \in (0,1). We provide upper and lower bounds, showing that, in general, inviscid mixing in H1/2 holds sharply with rate r(t) \sim t1/(2\alpha ), while enhanced dissipation holds with rate r(\nu) \sim \nu\alpha /(\alpha +2). Our results in the inviscid mixing case rely on the concept of \rho-irregularity, first introduced by Catellier and Gubinelli [Stochastic Process. Appl., 126 (2016), pp. 2323-2366], and provide some new insights compared to the behavior predicted by Colombo, Zelati, and Widmayer [Ars Inveniendi Anal. (2021)].	2023-01-01	Siam Journal On Mathematical Analysis
10.1523/JNEUROSCI.23-23-08212.2003	Brain-derived neurotrophic factor stimulates energy metabolism in developing cortical neurons	Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) promotes the biochemical and morphological differentiation of selective populations of neurons during development. In this study we examined the energy requirements associated with the effects of BDNF on neuronal differentiation. Because glucose is the preferred energy substrate in the brain, the effect of BDNF on glucose utilization was investigated in developing cortical neurons via biochemical and imaging studies. Results revealed that BDNF increases glucose utilization and the expression of the neuronal glucose transporter GLUT3. Stimulation of glucose utilization by BDNF was shown to result from the activation of Na+/K+-ATPase via an increase in Na+ influx that is mediated, at least in part, by the stimulation of Na+-dependent amino acid transport. The increased Na+-dependent amino acid uptake by BDNF is followed by an enhancement of overall protein synthesis associated with the differentiation of cortical neurons. Together, these data demonstrate the ability of BDNF to stimulate glucose utilization in response to an enhanced energy demand resulting from increases in amino acid uptake and protein synthesis associated with the promotion of neuronal differentiation by BDNF.	2003-01-01	Journal of Neuroscience
10.1107/S0909049510035363	Hard X-ray imaging for landslide research	Synchrotron phase-contrast hard X-ray imaging is used to provide highly efficient direct visualization of landslide dynamics and granular flows in fully wet granular piles. High penetration capability and phase-contrast enhancement of hard X-rays offer marked advantages in the precise tracking of individual granular movements through a thick water medium. It is revealed that the stress accumulation follows a power-law evolution while the relaxation follows an exponential one. The onset of landslide emerges at the trade-off of the two evolutions.	2010-01-01	Journal Of Synchrotron Radiation
10.1142/S0219525919500115	Imitation, Proximity, and Growth - A Collective Swarm Dynamics Approach	This paper is based on the premise that economic growth is driven by an interplay between innovation and imitation in an economy composed of interacting ̄rms operating in a stochastic environment. A novel approach to modeling imitation is presented based on range-dependent processes that describe how ̄rms consider proximity when imitating peers who are found in a given neighborhood in terms of productivity. Using a particularly tractable approach, we are able to analyze how drastically di®erent economic growth scenarios emerge from di®erent im- itation strategies. These emerging scenarios range from di®usive growth where the variance of productivity grows inde ̄nitely, to balanced growth described by a traveling wave with ̄xed variance. The latter scenario is sustained only when imitation strength among ̄rms exceeds a critical bifurcation threshold.	2019-01-01	Advances in Complex Systems
10.1023/A:1010962507273	Inhibition of HIV-1 in cell culture by oligonucleotide-loaded nanoparticles	PURPOSE: To investigate the potential use of polymeric nanoparticles for the delivery of antisense oligonucleotides in HIV-1-infected cell cultures. METHODS: Phosphorothioate oligonucleotides were encapsulated into poly (D,L-lactic acid) nanoparticles. Two models of infected cells were used to test the ability of nanoparticles to deliver them. HeLa P4-2 CD4+ cells, stably transfected with the beta-galactosidase reporter gene, were first used to evaluate the activity of the oligonucleotides on a single-round infection cycle. The acutely infected lymphoid CEM cells were then used to evaluate the inhibition of the viral production of HIV-1 by the oligonucleotides. RESULTS: The addition to infected CEM cells of nanoparticles containing gag antisense oligonucleotides in the nanomolar range led to strong inhibition of the viral production in a concentration-dependent manner. Similar results were previously observed in HeLa P4-2 CD4+ cells. Nanoparticle-entrapped random-order gag oligonucleotides had similar effects on reverse transcription. However, the reverse transcriptase activity of infected cells treated with nanomolar concentrations of free antisense and random oligonucleotides was not affected. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that poly (D,L-lactic acid) nanoparticles may have great potential as an efficient delivery system for oligonucleotides in HIV natural target cells, i.e., lymphocytic cells.	2001-01-01	Pharm Res
10.3389/fnana.2013.00001	Computing the size and number of neuronal clusters in local circuits	The organization of connectivity in neuronal networks is fundamental to understanding the activity and function of neural networks and information processing in the brain. Recent studies show that the neocortex is not only organized in columns and layers but also, within these, into synaptically connected clusters of neurons (Ko et al., 2011; Perin et al., 2011). The recently discovered common neighbor rule, according to which the probability of any two neurons being synaptically connected grows with the number of their common neighbors, is an organizing principle for this local clustering. Here we investigated the theoretical constraints for how the spatial extent of neuronal axonal and dendritic arborization, heretofore described by morphological reach, the density of neurons and the size of the network determine cluster size and numbers within neural networks constructed according to the common neighbor rule. In the formulation we developed, morphological reach, cell density, and network size are sufficient to estimate how many neurons, on average, occur in a cluster and how many clusters exist in a given network. We find that cluster sizes do not grow indefinitely as network parameters increase, but tend to characteristic limiting values.	2013-01-01	Frontiers In Neuroanatomy
10.1016/j.energy.2023.127385	Towards a real-time capable hybrid-twin for gas-bearing supported high-speed turbocompressors	A hybrid-twin for gas-bearing supported, high-speed turbocompressor is suggested to be an aide to increase the operational reliability and to provide valuable insights to improve its design. The bearing clearances of a few micrometers imply that excessive thermal or mechanical deformations can result in machine failure due to mechanical seizure or rotor-dynamic instabilities. The high centrifugal forces and thermal gradients may induce material fracture or the lift-off of press-fitted assemblies. The mentioned phenomena and interactions depend strongly on the operating conditions and imply a risk of hitting critical operating zones potentially unscreened during the design phase. The developed twin asset involves 1D multi-domain models that are accurate enough to provide useful information regarding the most critical interactions and are computationally viable for real-time applications suggesting a run-to-real time ratio of 2 per cent. A case study in which a turbocompressor touchdown is analyzed a posteriori using the twin asset to highlight the possible insights to be gained by using the virtual twin to predict data that cannot be readily measured such as the thrust bearing axial clearance under the impeller thrust force. Finally, the generation of signals by the twin asset providing a degree of redundancy with sensor values is highlighted as an opportunity to increase confidence in monitoring tasks, paving the way to extension into control strategies.	2023-07-15	Energy
10.1364/OPTICA.5.001347	Ultralow-power chip-based soliton microcombs for photonic integration	The generation of dissipative Kerr solitons in optical microresonators has provided a route to compact frequency combs of high repetition rate, which have already been employed for optical frequency synthesizers, ultrafast ranging, coherent telecommunication, and dual-comb spectroscopy. Silicon nitride (Si3N4) microresonators are promising for photonic integrated soliton microcombs. Yet to date, soliton formation in Si3N4 microresonators at electronically detectable repetition rates, typically less than 100 GHz, is hindered by the requirement of external power amplifiers, due to the low quality (Q) factors, as well as by thermal effects that necessitate the use of frequency agile lasers to aces the soliton state. These requirements complicate future photonic integration, heterogeneous or hybrid, of soliton microcomb devices based on Si3N4 microresonators with other active or passive components. Here, using the photonic Damascene reflow process, we demonstrate ultralow-power single-soliton formation in high- Q (Q(0) > 15 x 10(6))Si3N4 microresonators with 9.8 mW input power (6.2 mW in the waveguide) for devices of electronically detectable, 99-GHz repetition rate. We show that solitons can be accessed via simple, slow laser piezo tuning, in many resonances in the same sample. These power levels are compatible with current silicon-photonics-based lasers for full photonic integration of soliton microcombs, at repetition rates suitable for applications such as ultrafast ranging and coherent communication. Our results show the technological readiness of Si3N4 optical waveguides for future all-on-chip soliton microcomb devices. (C) 2018 Optical Society of America under the terms of the OSA Open Access Publishing Agreement	2018-10-20	Optica
10.1364/OME.4.000499	Annealing of UV Ar+ and ArF excimer laser fabricated Bragg gratings: SMF-28e fiber	Fiber Bragg gratings fabricated in pristine SMF-28e fibers using pulsed ArF-excimer and cw 244-nm Ar+ laser were annealed using tempering rates from 0.0038 to 0.25 K/s. Demarcation energy mapping allowed for the determination of the frequency factors and the master curves for the SMF-28e fiber under different irradiation conditions. A Gaussian decomposition of the underlying energy distribution revealed several individual activation energy distributions characteristic for the fiber with peak energies and widths that were independent of the laser used. From a fit of the integrated Gaussian distributions to the master curves the relative contributions of the individual energy distributions that appeared in both irradiation conditions were calculated. The difference in the activation energy spectra obtained from the two laser irradiations are explained by the relative contributions of the individual distributions that differ. Using the analytical description of the master curve, thermal stability maps were obtained.	2014-01-01	Optical Materials Express
10.1016/j.mee.2009.03.087	Atomistic model structure of the Ge(100)-GeO2 interface	An atomistic model of the Ge-GeO2 interface has been generated through first-principle methods based on density functional theory. The interface model consists of amorphous GeO2 connected to crystalline Ge through a substoichiometric oxide region showing regular structural parameters. Structural and electronic properties are compared to available experimental data and studied as they evolve across the Ge-GeO2 interface. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	2009-01-01	Microelectronic Engineering
